rick grew up in a troubled household . he never found good support in family , and turned to gangs . it was n't long before rick got shot in a robbery . the incident caused him to turn a new leaf .
laverne needs to prepare something for her friend 's party . she decides to bake a batch of brownies . she chooses a recipe and follows it closely . laverne tests one of the brownies to make sure it is delicious .
sarah had been dreaming of visiting europe for years . she had finally saved enough for the trip . she landed in spain and traveled east across the continent . she did n't like how different everything was .
gina was worried the cookie dough in the tube would be gross . she was very happy to find she was wrong . the cookies from the tube were as good as from scratch . gina intended to only eat 2 cookies and save the rest .
it was my final performance in marching band . i was playing the snare drum in the band . we played thriller and radar love . the performance was flawless .
i had been giving this homeless man change everyday . he was on the same corner near my house . one day , as i was driving through my neighborhood i saw a new car . soon enough , i saw the same homeless man emerge from it !
jim found an old disposable camera in the bottom of his junk drawer . he began snapping away at everything around him . the counter clicked down to one final photo . the gravity of the situation began to dawn on jim .
ron started his new job as a landscaper today . he loves the outdoors and has always enjoyed working in it . his boss tells him to re-sod the front yard of the mayor 's home . ron is ecstatic , but does a thorough job and finishes super early .
john and billy became very skilled at beer pong . they entered a contest in college . they won the contest and advanced to the next level . the next level sent them to vegas .
caroline was a student in medical school . caroline worked very hard to get good grades . one day caroline failed a test by one point . caroline was very frustrated but she continued to study hard .
trish hated the outdoors . her friends convinced her to go camping . she was n't having a good time . they showed her how to fish and showed her the stars .
a man walked up to corey as he pumped gas into his car . the guy admired corey 's car and started a conversation . corey felt that something was wrong . when he finished pumping gas , the man punched corey .
marcy received a valentine from her boyfriend . it was a card with a gift card in it for chocolates . she was happy and immediately ordered the chocolates . her boyfriend came over and asked if she liked it .
cara went to a food cart in philadelphia the other day . she stopped by an amazing falafel cart . the food was amazing . cara could n't believe how good it was .
tony was happy to be going on his first cruise . he arrived at the docks and was ready with all his luggage . when he walked around the corner he could n't believe the size of it . he boarded and the ship left the docks .
ignacio wants to play a sport while he is in college . since he was a good swimmer , he decides to try out for swim the team . ignacio makes it onto the team easily . at the first swim meet , ignacio wins second place !
danny bought a boat . his nearby marina was having a race . he decided to enter . danny and his best friend manned the boat .
at school , mary received an assignment to write an essay about pandas . luckily , mary loved pandas , as was excited to get started . as soon as she got home , mary booted up her computer and began . she wrote about all she knew and researched a little too !
ellen dreamed of winning a prize for her roses . she planned to enter her special purple rose at the fair . she fertilized the rose bush and covered it each night . the roses grew more beautiful every day .
jesse had just started fifth grade . he tried to make friends with the other boys , but he could n't . he decided to make friends with the girls instead . they girls welcomed him into their social groups happily .
tiffany was getting overwhelmed at work . while she liked her job , she longed for a break . one day , she tripped outside on uneven pavement . she broke her ankle and had to be off work for a couple months .
gina misplaced her phone at her grandparents . it was n't in the living room . she had been in the car before napping in the living room . she grabbed her dad 's keys and ran outside .
alice was getting married in a few weeks . one night , her mother called and she forgot to call her back . her mother left an angry message on her phone . she threatened not to come to the wedding .
ted loves to go to the movies . he sees almost everyone and votes at the oscars . he has a big party for the oscars and they all place bets . ted almost always wins with the movies he chooses .
nya had been asked on a paintball trip with friends . she was nervous about going . but she went anyways , hoping to have fun . she shot paintballs at her friends and laughed the whole time .
all of javier 's friends at school have smartphones . however , he still uses an old style flip phone . one day he decides to buy a smartphone too . at first he loves having the access to internet everywhere he goes .
rachel decided to donate blood at the local blood drive . she was a little nervous because this was her first time . the next day rachel received a call from the doctor that she saw . the doctor told her that he had bad news .
ron was watching a high-speed chase on tv . the cop was chasing the bad guy through his neighborhood . it was terrifying ! but then the cop caught the bad guy .
sam loved his old belt . he matched it with everything . unfortunately he gained too much weight . it became too small .
larry bought a new motorcycle . he was excited to look cool . the first time he tried riding it he dropped it . he hurt his leg and had to go to the hospital .
i went on a blind date a few days ago . she was cute and friendly . we were set up through a co worker . we seem to have some things in common .
sammy 's coffee grinder was broken . he needed something to crush up his coffee beans . he put his coffee beans in a plastic bag . he tried crushing them with a hammer .
last week jared was driving to work . he had been partying hard the night before . he did n't get any sleep . before he knew it his car was facing oncoming traffic .
bobby needed to get home from work late one night . he decided that he was going to hail a taxi . when he was in the taxi he realized that he knew the driver . on the way home they chatted about things .
joe grew a big batch of peas in his garden . he brought the peas inside and shelled them all . then he cooked them up in a big pot . he added ham , bacon , and carrots to make thick pea soup .
aliza had a long lost ex-boyfriend she was bound to find . the problem was , he moved to a new state . she decided to use facebook to find him . she found him , but he was married with kids .
lina went to see how candy canes were made . she watched as the workers added dye to the hot candy . then , they stretched it out to make it shiny . finally , they shaped it into a cane and let it cool .
when i first moved into my house , i did n't know my neighbors . while mowing one day , i found a kickball in my yard . i felt this was the perfect opportunity to meet my neighbors . i grabbed the ball and went next door to return it .
bev had been studying very hard . she could n't wait for the weekend . when it came , she slept in very late . then she got up and went out to party .
newly married , sue liked to cook for her husband . unfortunately sue was a terrible cook . bob ate her food anyway and told her it was good . on their first anniversary bob gave sue cooking lessons .
we went to frank pepe 's pizza shop three weeks ago . the chain is quite famous in connecticut . the chain recently opened in boston . we went early to beat the crowd .
bernice always wanted to travel to africa . bernice decided she would take a trip for her birthday next year . bernice started to look at the price of airline tickets for the trip . in addition , bernice looked up the price of hotels as well .
jim made spinach cookies . he sold them for five dollars each . no one bought any . however , at the last minute a man wanted twenty .
randy 's friend gave him directions to his house . he was supposed to take a right after the white house . randy continued to get lost . he backtracked continuously until he finally found it .
i decided to go on a bike ride with my brother . we both headed out in the morning . we were having a lot of fun . suddenly , he hit a rock and broke his wheel !
anna went to the salon . she was getting her nails done for the first time . she was nervous , but the tech was friendly . he did her nails quickly and expertly .
david and sarah were friends during childhood . when they went to college , each moved to a different town . sarah received an unexpected call from david on friday . they had dinner and talked about their lives .
aj and his mom were at the grocery store . aj was looking at a cereal box and when he looked up his mom was gone . he immediately started to feel panic . then his mom stepped out from behind a display of soup .
joe went to the junkyard to find treasures . he dug through a stack of old clothes . at the bottom was a vintage shirt with a rock band on it . joe put the shirt on to try it out .
priya decided to try a new restaurant . she drove to a new cafe that opened . priya sat at a booth . she ordered a mimosa and a breakfast burrito .
karen was assigned a roommate her first year of college . one day , her roommate asked her to go to a nearby city for a concert . karen agreed happily . the show was absolutely exhilarating .
we took a family vacation to the beach last year . i spent a lot of time reading with my mom on the beach . one day while reading , i got stung by a horrible beach wasp . my arm swelled and was painful , i almost had to go to the hospital .
john 's watch had been broken for some time . he had n't gotten together the money to fix it . his wife decided to take it to get fixed and pay for it . she gave it to him when he came home for work .
donald was kind of the class clown . he wanted to be class president . so he figured if he acted like an idiot people would vote for him . he would get up and just yell and be foolish .
eddie and angela had n't been talking to each other for a long time . they lived in their house together like strangers . finally , they sat down and agreed , it was time for a divorce . eddie went to the courthouse and filed the paperwork .
rachel adopted a cat over ten years ago . suddenly , the cat was acting more lethargic and losing weight . concerned , rachel took her cat to the vet . the vet told rachel that her cat had developed cancer .
jim is a new driver and has never been pulled over before . yesterday he was pulled over for speeding . the officer explained to him why he was being given a ticket . jim will have to work overtime to pay for the ticket .
i love avocados . i ate a sandwich covered in them . after i ate it , my mouth was itchy and tingly . i talked to my doctor about it later .
david was an author that had trouble finding inspiration for his work . one day he had a dream of him being in a post apocalyptic world . he thought that this was destiny and began to write his thoughts . eventually he had hundreds of pages written .
boris was addicted to video games . his mother was concerned . she called a psychologist to get help . the psychologist tried to convince boris to stop his addiction .
a police officer came down with the flu today . he was unable to go into work as he could barely get out of bed . his wife spent time taking care of him and making sure he was okay . he made sure to drink enough and eat enough .
jennifer felt her stomach grumble . she thought about the last time she ate and realized it was long ago . she got up off the couch and went into the kitchen . after cooking a big meal and eating it , she felt good again .
my friend nathan and his family went to the lake one summer . one day nathan 's dad left and did n't leave a lighter for his mom . well his mom was very upset and made him walk to the store barefoot . poor nathan had to walk down a gravel road to bring his mom matches .
jeremiah is looking for a part time job that can help him earn money . a sandwich shop employs him to give out flyers about their sandwiches . jeremiah loves the job at first , because he likes meeting new people . eventually he finds it tiresome to be outside so much .
two young women decided to go for a ten mile run near the afb . five miles into the run , they spotted a lone grey wolf with blue eyes . they tried to scare it away , but it kept moving toward them . the two women clambered up a tree and waited until other people came .
gary was a brave child . one day he decided to climb over the fence in his backyard . his parents looked all over for him . they found him sitting on the swing at the park .
timmy was caught with unpaid parking tickets . he did n't have enough money to pay for them . instead he had to be arrested and jailed for two days . he lost his jobs for missing work .
when i was younger , i went to summer camp . we had a lot of fun playing games with the counselors . my favorite thing to do was play cards . the camp counselors knew so many different card games .
amber had a lot of things to do this sunday . she made a list of all the places she needed to go . she hurried to get ready . she was worried that she would not have enough time .
eve needed a new couch in her parlor . but she could not afford to buy one ! then she went to a secondhand store and found a great one . she had it delivered and set up in her living room .
jason was terrified of spiders . he went to a therapist and discussed his fear . his therapist said he should confront his fear to overcome it . jason 's homework was to look for a spider in his basement .
linda began to have problems with a coworker at her job . the coworker had started bossing her around at work . the coworker even talked behind her back . linda went to her boss with the issue and the boss mediated them .
sara wanted her kids to have a great christmas . she saved all year and started her shopping in november . she shopped deals and spent all her savings . she spent two days wrapping dozens of presents .
megan has been struggling with a drug habit for years . she hit rock bottom when she lost her family and kids . her distant family decided to stage an intervention . after the event , she got into a rehab facility .
tyler has been unemployed for years . he has spent the last few months diligently applying for work . however , all of his applications are rejected . the rejections contribute to tyler 's feelings of desperation .
miranda is married to bob . bob does n't like that miranda works so much . miranda tells bob that she enjoys her career and wo n't quit . bob gives miranda an ultimatum .
my cousin 's had a terrible experience with their babysitter . they had a hidden camera . they found video of her shaking the baby violently . the baby is having major problems .
bobby was having a birthday party . his friends bought him a huge cake . a woman jumped out of the cake . bobby was surprised and amused .
it was the last day of our vacation . we were eating lunch on the patio of the hotel . we laughed and smiled because it was a great vacation . then we packed our bags and drove to the airport .
mother asked the children to help fold laundry . the children took the clean clothes into the living room . they dumped the clothes on the floor . they folded the clothes neatly into piles .
timmy loves watching cartoons . his parents do n't let him watch unless he does his chores . today 's chore is to clean his room . timmy 's room is a mess .
my daughter had her baby shower in our boston home . she invited friends and family in the area . her old college roommate lives in hawaii . she decided to surprise my daughter by flying 4800 miles .
craig used to always go play darts . he would go to a local bar and try to hustle . he would play bad at first . then he would get them to make a bet for a drink or money .
pam 's house was where the party was . everyone bought gifts . pam bought a cake . everyone danced and had fun !
ellen always hated school . the kids made fun of her every day . they called her smelly elly . she decided to start taking baths .
jim got his first credit card in college . he did n't have a job so he bought everything on his card . after he graduated he amounted a $ 10,000 debt . jim realized that he was foolish to spend so much money .
tim was entering a baking contest . he decided to make his famous donuts . he made a big batch and entered them into the contest . the judges thought they were delicious .
my two year old son refused to wear training pants . he always begged to wear a diaper . one day , out of frustration , i let him remain naked . he went to the potty and used it when i was n't looking .
holly was glad to be safely inside her house as the storm raged . she was watching the storm as she heard a loud crack . lightning had hit a tree beside the house . she stared as she watched it fall .
jill saw an infomercial for unbreakable glass cups . she was amazed and ordered them . when jill received the cups , she wanted to test them . she dropped one on her hardwood floor .
addie was working at the mall at hollister when a strange man came in . before she knew it , addie looked behind her and saw stolen clothes . addie got scared and tried to chase the man out . luckily guards came and arrested him .
sean was going for a job interview . he arrived at the business and asked for the manager . the manager took him to the back and interviewed him . then , the manager showed him around and explained the job .
fred made a bet with sam over who could lose more weight in a month . fred really wanted to win the bet , which was for $ 100 . fred worked out daily , avoided fast food , and skipped dinner . at the end of the month fred was feeling confident he would win .
john went skydiving for the first time . he went with an instructor on a plane into the air . he screamed when they jumped . john was terribly afraid of heights and passed out .
gina and her family were leaving the park . they had been there all afternoon . now they were going to her aunt 's house . gina begged to be dropped off at her grandma 's
kaya needed to buy a new dress for the upcoming spring formal . she went to the mall with several of her friends . the girls all had a good time visiting shops and trying on dresses . kaya found a dress that she loved that was a nice coral color .
tyler wanted to have a balloon party with tons of balloons . he and his friends and his parents blew up the balloons . he and his friends played with the balloons and had a lot of fun . they got tired and watched a movie and had dinner .
jimmy went skateboarding this afternoon . it was the third time this week . he 's getting good at it and really likes it . he fell once but has n't given up .
maxine usually hates to shave her legs . she does n't like the feeling of using a razor . one night maxine has a big date and decides to wear a dress . she shaves her legs for the occasion .
ryan loved to customize his bike . he decided to add some led lights to the bike frame and wheels . he ordered the parts from ebay . when they arrived , he assembled them .
one day i wanted to cook a nice dinner for my family . i decided to cook spaghetti . i boiled the noodles and put the sauce in a pot on the stove . i turned the stove on too high .
nick was challenged to a volleyball match . his girlfriend bet him five dollars she could beat him . nick did not intend to let her win ! he played hard and mercilessly .
some friends and i made a counter-strike team . we practiced a lot for an upcoming tournament . we got to the tournament and went over strategies . we played a tough 6 games .
michelle found a fat tuxedo cat outside her house . she put up posters all over her neighborhood . after three weeks , no one had called michelle about the cat . michelle decided to keep the cat for herself .
neil was visiting ireland . his train had just arrived in derry . as he disembarked , he caught his breath . it was as gorgeous as a fairy tale !
mary went to the park . she wanted to show off her new dress . a bird flew over mary and pooped . her dress became covered in bird poop .
scott knew someone was stealing packages from his porch . he set up a surveillance camera near his door . he felt that he would at least have a video of the thief . one day , scott saw footage of the perpetrator .
last tuesday i took my first spin class at the gym . it was the hardest exercise class i ever took . i worked through it for an hour and my legs went numb . when i got home my legs started to hurt and i could n't walk .
colin was invited to the bar by his friends . he loves beer but thinks it 's too expensive at the bars . he decided to go anyway . he gave himself a budget .
sally forgot to each breakfast before she left the house yesterday . she debated whether to go back and get something to eat . she decided to pick up a meal on the way to work . she realized that she had no money in her wallet to buy breakfast .
jordan was planning on moving to mexico . jordan decided that he should learn spanish . he ended up purchasing a language learning program from amazon . everyday he worked on the program for at least 2 hours .
ann and tim loved astrology . in fact , the met while they were both in astronomy class in college ! when they married and became pregnant , they had a dilemma . they could n't decide on a meaningful name for their baby daughter .
fred is brand new to exercising and just joined a gym . he was amazing at how expensive a personal trainer was . he wanted to get into shape but could n't afford the rates . he found personal trainer routines online for free .
it was the second match of the volleyball season . amy was hopeful she would get a chance to play . after the first game they were ahead . her coach put her in the game .
ellen had had four miscarriages in a row . her husband tim despaired of ever becoming a dad . then the doctor called him at work . he told him that there was great news about ellen .
david asked his mother if he could pour his own drink . his mother agreed , but warned him to be careful . david accidentally knocked over his glass which shattered everywhere . his mother cheerfully forgave david .
neil wanted to play hockey . he borrowed some gear from his friends . then he geared up and headed to the rink . he practiced for days .
i kept my baby blanket in good shape . i had it for 30 years . i moved away from my home . my baby blanket disappeared .
my friend cam was an amazon bookseller . he had 4,000 books stored in a garage . he made enough money to live simply . his house caught on fire one day and he lost his collection .
rosie 's teacher 's birthday was coming up in 5 days . rosie did not have money to buy a present . she asked her grandmother to teach her how to draw sunflowers . rosie drew a big sunflower and painted it with watercolor .
jon 's fridge was broken . he called a service company to repair it . they told him they could come the next day at noon . jon met them at the door when they arrived , and let them in .
a man ordered an antique clock on ebay . he received a box containing six blown fuses and a jar of pickles . he filed a complaint with ebay . ebay refused to process a refund .
tom and dick loved their trucks . they would go out in the desert every week . they would kick up dirt and play around . then tom 's truck broke down .
harry went to the theme park with his family . his dad and brother rode on a big roller coaster with him . he then rode on some smaller rides with his mom . the family ate at a restaurant at the park .
i had a presentation in art . my teacher failed me although i did everything right . he allowed me to repeat my presentation and failed me again . i believed that i did the presentation correct and stood up for it .
leah had a hockey game . all of her family came to cheer her on . but when she got there she realized they were short handed . only a handful of girls showed up to play .
ava started to notice wrinkles by her eyes . she bought an expensive wrinkle cream . she applied it every night . after a month she checked her eyes out carefully .
harry shopped a lot online and was looking to buy a new camera . he researched different cameras online and decided to buy one . he made the purchase and the camera arrived in the mail the next week . when harry opened the package , he found that the camera was damaged .
jasper has been avoiding getting a real job for months . he has hated all the previous office jobs that he had . one day he sees a job opening at his local butcher . he applies successfully for the job at the butcher .
after gathering all of the items for our party , i invited our friends . most of the were excited to come over for food ! it took about an hour but they all arrived on time . after the arrived we began eating and enjoying ourselves .
tom fond that he was no longer happy in his job . tom decided that it was time to find a new job . tom looked through the want ads and put in applications . tom went on job interviews and talked to a lot of people .
linda had been invited to a british classmate 's home for tea . she decided to bring something to show her appreciation . she found an online recipe for lemon scones , and she baked them . the scones were tasty and she was proud to hand them to her hostess .
ashley got back her tax return . so she decided to go to the mall . ashley and her roommate drove to the mall . they went from store to store trying things on .
paul graduated from high school . he did not get accepted into college . his mom advised him to get a job . paul agreed .
harvey 's roommates teased him about being so thin . they were egotistical football players . they challenged harvey to a ping pong game , expecting him to lose . but they did not know that harvey was a nationally ranked player .
i think yesterday was when i realized i should n't be a mathematician . i was at the grocery store , restocking for next week . i had bought around twenty items , and thought i was under my budget . when i went to check out , i was ten dollars over !
my family 's red car broke down last year . our family needed a 2 door car that had good gas mileage . we visited a few people who were selling cars . my parents searched multiple dealerships .
gina 's phone died as they drove on the highway . she plugged it in the front seat , but she was in the backseat . she was bored without her phone so she tried to reach it . she was on the end and it was too far .
i was just sitting on the porch enjoying my day . when out of the blue , a loud bang disturbed my peace . i jumped up in surprise . the door had slammed open .
gina 's local library had no books on dolphins . she needed to find another library . the closest one was downtown . her mother refused to take her .
alan got a gun for his 18th birthday . his dad took him to the range to practice shooting . alan was a terrible shot ! but he persevered and practiced a lot .
jay was finishing up lunch at mcdonald 's , throwing away his trash . as soon as he threw it away , he realized there was a promo happening . there were some game pieces on his fry box so he fished it out . he peeled off the game piece and could n't believe it .
there once was a man named john . he worked in a factory . the factory fired him for poor work . as a result , he had to find other work .
kim saw a mother unloading her shopping cart in a parking lot . the mother 's little toddler was sitting in the cart 's child seat . suddenly , while the mother was turned , the cart started rolling away ! kim , realizing the child was in great danger , lunged toward the cart .
kev 's dad asked to take him hunting . kev said he 'd consider it . then he decided he did n't like hunting . he thought it was cruelty to animals .
when emily was young she got to go to her first concert . she was nervous because of all of the people at the concert . emily was very excited to see her favorite artist on the stage . the concert ticket was a gift for emily for her birthday .
lina wanted to fry donuts . she got an application for the donut shop . to her delight , she had been hired ! she started to go to work frying donuts .
my class went to the everglades for our field trip . we did some sightseeing in several of the forests . we also got the opportunity to travel in water . the bus ride home was long and boring .
a group of workers from mechanical turk joined a forum . they formed a clique and demanded more and more power . andy , the forum owner , had enough , and told them as much . they haughtily stomped off to make a forum of only themselves .
donna 's toddler son , ty , did n't like having his nails clipped . the child 's nails had grown longer than she was comfortable with . donna decided to wait until he was asleep . once ty was napping , donna quietly clipped each nail .
gina did n't want to sit at her desk near her old friends . she could feel the tension between them . she decided to ask to go to the library . her teacher agreed to allow her to go for an hour .
vivienne wanted to move from france to america . part of the immigration process was an interview about her intentions . vivienne did not have any goals or career aspirations . the interview did not go well .
frank filled up dozens of water balloons to throw at this sister . little did he know she was ready for him . when he started the attack , she pulled out a huge water gun . it was much more effective than his balloons .
matt was out for a walk with his mom . suddenly he saw something shiny on the ground . he bent to pick it up . it was a gold ring !
gina 's dad pulled into the 24 hour walgreen 's parking lot . it was nearly 4 am but everyone went inside . they needed toothbrushes before they went to grandma 's house . it was gina 's job to pack them before they left .
john was excited to have a job interview . he went to the interview very prepared and nicely dressed . during the interview he was very talkative and likable . the manager of the company was really impressed by john 's comments .
ben wanted a glass of orange juice . there was none in the house . however , there was a bag of oranges . he halved a few of them and got out the juicer .
reg was hoping for a snow day . there was a bad storm overnight . he got his wish and school was canceled ! he spent the whole day playing in the snow making snowmen .
caroline never drinks carbonated beverages . her friends pick on her because of it . one day they challenged her to drink a soda . caroline wanted to win the challenge .
tom and cindy were eating marshmallows . but tom began to get tired of it . cindy suggested roasting the marshmallows . and tom agreed with her suggestion .
the man at the deli wrapped a sandwich for a customer . he took out a brown bag and set it on the counter . the deli man took the sandwich and tossed it into the bag . the bag fell over when the sandwich hit it .
bob was at the grocery store . at check out , he realized he forgot his credit card . the woman behind him offered to buy his groceries . bob was so appreciative .
john bought a new gun . he loved all the safety features . he was showing it off to his friend . it accidentally went off .
neil was visiting the city of luxor . he took a tour to learn about egyptian history . they learned a lot of facts . then they had a picnic lunch on the banks of the nile .
john was n't adventurous about trying new food . his mom always made him try 2 bites of something new . if he did n't like it , he did n't have to eat any more . one day she gave him a slimy looking food called papaya .
i have a favorite pair of socks . last week i was doing laundry . one of the two was lost . i looked everywhere and could n't find it .
alex ran across town to get to a friends house . he did n't know his shoe was untied . he had ran for three block when it happened . he tripped on that shoelace of his .
nina wanted to skateboard . but she knew no other girls to teach her ! so she bought her own skateboard . she began to skate on her own , slowly .
sal liked magic . he always tried to pulled tricks for his family . he tried to pull a rabbit out of his hat on day . but the hat ripped and the rabbit fell through .
lisa wanted to make a cake . first she had to decide what kind of cake she wanted to bake . after she had to go buy the ingredients . she decided to make a chocolate cake .
javier always noticed the kids playing handball near his house . he wanted to join them but he was intimidated . one day he summoned the courage to play handball with them . he found that they were actually very nice .
gordon bought his son a remote control car for christmas . but he realized that it needed aa batteries . gordon could not find any . so the next day , he went to the toy store where he bought the car .
mim was driving down the highway in a bad snow storm . there was so much snow , mim pulled her car over . she noticed other people were doing the same . she got an emergency blanket from the backseat , and ate a snack .
yesterday , my mother in law called , and wanted to go out to some store . she picked me up at 4:30 , and we headed out . we went to one store after the other looking for good deals . absolutely none of the stores had anything good to buy .
betsy ran everywhere she went . she was running to school when it happened . she tripped and flew several feet . she broke her arm in several places .
sarah was horrified of swings growing up . she would cry every time she would go to the playground . last week she finally attempted to swing for the first time in years . she loved it so much that she swung for an hour .
the malamute always sniffed at the slide during his walk . his owner walked him up to the platform one day . he was scared to slide down . they continued to do this every day on their walk .
today was tim 's birthday party . since he was sick , he could n't go out . however , the family decided to come to his out . we brought him a cake and take-out food .
frankie was in love with a distant , aloof man . the man she loved was not very nice to her . he cheated on her with other people in town . frankie left him .
nancy was sitting near the science building . ian tried to sneak close to her . she did n't notice until she looked around . ian threw a pie directly in her face .
george had an internship . he really wanted to get a full time job with the company . george worked hard and proved to be smart . a position opened up that george wanted .
all kevin wanted in life was to buy his fiance a house . he became near obsessed , saving every penny . he worked multiple jobs and lived as a miser . after a year , kevin had enough money for a down payment .
joe had an accountant . he never paid attention to his accountant . until one day he realized he had no money . joe furiously stormed into the accountant 's office .
sven was very poor . sven 's brother told him there was lots of money on the train . so sven and his brother started a gang . they robbed the train !
john was diagnosed with bone cancer . he was sad and felt defeated . but , he decided to enroll in chemotherapy and fight the disease . he struggled for two years to overcome cancer .
everyone told matt he ate too much red meat . he ignored all their warnings about red meat and health problems . one day after a juicy burger , matt had a heart attack . matt became a vegetarian after he left the hospital .
my daughter brought her dog over to play with my dog . her dog is big and full of energy . my dog is small , quiet and older . they are completely opposite .
i decided to rent a movie when friends came over last night . after looking through selections we decided on horror . we picked a great movie and sat down with popcorn . it was really scarey !
sandy is louie 's mother . louie is a puppy . a nice family adopted sandy . they decided to adopt louie too .
lia was trying to lose weight . she cut out junk food and fatty foods . but she still struggled to lose weight . then she began running every day on her treadmill .
i cleaned my wedding ring . i first set it in the cleaner to soak . i then wiped it with the brush to make sure i got everything off . then i put it back in the cleaner for a bit .
gina liked to volunteer at a homeless shelter . she had spent years going there for many hours a week . the staff decided to do something to show their appreciation . they chipped in and got gina a gift .
tom and susan have been married for eight year 's . for the last week susan has been nauseated every morning . this morning she took a pregnancy test which was positive . susan planned a fancy dinner with candles to tell tom the good news .
gina was in the middle of the backseat surrounded by siblings . they were driving out of town in heavy traffic . gina looked out the window . in the next car a child was showing his mouth of chewed food .
greg was playing ball by himself . he was bored . he wanted his friends . his friends came over .
pamela purchased an antique urn at a garage sale . she thinks it would look nice with the decor in her home . when she got home she noticed that someone 's ashes were in there . pamela returned the urn .
jane was excited to go home early for once . she worked cleaning offices at night . she was ahead of her normal schedule . when she got to the final office she noticed a huge mess .
kate wanted to start a new viral campaign . kate wanted to find a way for everyday citizens to do something kind . kate decided to create a video about her campaign . after posting her video , kate got a overwhelming response .
my husband and i rented a car on vacation . the car we got was horrible . the wipers did n't work , and a headlight was out . it smelled awful and was very dirty .
fred receives a specialty coffee maker for christmas . he finally opens it after leaving it in its box for a few weeks . fred decides to make himself a cappuccino . to his surprise , it tastes just as good as the ones he buys outside .
my mom always told me to brush my teeth . i did n't like to listen to my mom . i chose not to brush my teeth . i had to get them all pulled .
it was a very hot , dry summer . john 's dad purchased a bird bath to help the animals survive . within minutes of filling it , a cardinal hopped in . throughout the day , john counted 34 birds that visited .
the delivery man handed a package to me . i opened the box . since nothing was inside , i tried shouting at the delivery man . he could n't hear me and drove off .
my family is sharing a bowl of popcorn . mom is reading a book and eating one piece at a time . dad and i are playing ipad games and eating handfuls at a time . we have played this game before !
lou was on a diet . she was eating very little . but she still struggled to lose weight ! then she added an exercise regimen .
gina 's dad turned on the water hose for her . he watched as she sprayed the soda spill on the porch . it had been sitting there for hours . it was a dried gooey mess by the time she began cleaning it .
betsy was about to celebrate her sixteenth birthday . her parents surprised her with a nice dinner out and a small present . happily , her parents gave her a monogram necklace . on the way home , betsy misplaced the necklace in the car .
joy 's pastor asks her to sing at church . joy practiced for weeks . joy is very nervous about singing . tonight is the big night .
sara wanted to do something for her sister who has cancer . the chemo caused her sister to loose all her hair . sara went to the hair salon and had her long hair cut short . she then had the hair made into a wig .
i found a snake in the basement window well . i tried to hit it with a spade , but it dug down where i could n't see . i thought it had gone under the siding near the foundation . i went down in the basement and found it behind the wall .
juanita had watched a scary movie . now , she was having trouble falling asleep . juanita tried turning on a nightlight and music . the room did n't feel so frightening anymore .
jane needed to earn some extra money . she remembered paid psychology experiments in college . jane searched for paid experiments and found mechanical turk . she was now able to participate in psychology experiments at home .
it was like any other friday for jay . he had just finished work and bought his weekly lottery ticket . after dinner , he waited patiently for the lottery results . he could n't believe it when more than half his numbers were called .
larry was excited to eat steak for dinner . he made a reservation for 7 . he eagerly waited all day for the time to arrive . when he got there , the waiter told him they were out of steak .
james has just started working at a company with a ping pong table . he has always wanted to play ping pong with a coworker . one day after work , his friend challenges him to a game . james plays very well , but eventually loses the game .
joyce wanted to rent a movie . she did n't know that netflix offered online streaming . she went to the video store to find something to watch . someone there told her about netflix instant streaming .
lester has always loved academic debate . he decides to found a debate team at his college . he finds a professor to advise the team , and slowly recruits students . soon the team is large enough to debate another school .
jessica wanted a pony for her birthday more than anything . in the days coming up to it , she asked her dad for a pony . he said he would think about it . he gave jessica a pony shaped box on her special day .
sal was jumping rope . then he tripped and fell . he twisted his ankle as he went down . he needed to wear a brace for three weeks .
julie wants to make food for lunch for the upcoming week . she decides to hard boil a dozen eggs . julie boils water and dumps the eggs in for 8 minutes each . finally her eggs are boiled perfectly .
we got in the car to go to the zoo . i could n't wait to see the zebra . we walked around and saw so many animals . i got to see the zebra play .
rocket was the nickname of jose . he was nicknamed that because of his speed . one day he was running track at school tournament . he won first place as the fastest kid in school .
bob had a young puppy . the puppy loved to play catch with bob . of course , the puppy grew into a dog . the dog grew old and could no longer play catch .
jennifer forgot to close the front door when she got home . by the time she noticed her pet cat had disappeared . she walked around the neighborhood calling for the cat . she made flyers with her contact information .
peter 's friends invite him for a small halloween party . he arrives late and has n't had time to eat dinner . a friend offers him a slice of pumpkin pie at the party . the pie is delicious and it has whipped cream on the side .
dan loves the sport of bowling . his dad taught him how to play when he was little . the use to compete in tournaments together . his dad has since passed away .
billy would wake up every morning and get ready for school . first he would take a shower to start getting ready . next billy would have to get dressed . after he was fully clothed he would eat breakfast .
bob loved to watch movies . he was looking forward to a three day weekend coming up . he made a list of his favorite movies and invited some friends over . he spent the weekend with his friends watching all his favorite movies
mike had a free saturday . he drove to several car dealers . he was interested in seeing potential future cars for himself . mike found a jeep he fell in love with .
fred had his first karate tournament yesterday . he was very nervous . when it got there he was shaking . thankfully he ended up doing well .
gregory took a pottery class at a nearby night school . he was terrible at sculpture . he grew to like throwing pots on pottery wheels very much . eventually he was making pots half as tall as he was .
joe 's family moved to another house . some kids down the block broke the windows and went in . gina and her sister decided not to and went home . gina 's sister walked through the yard and stepped on the glass .
i play the lottery a lot and i always lose . this year alone i 've played over one hundred times . i did the math to see how much money i would have if i never played . turns out i would have thousands more in my pocket .
a man went into the library and grabbed some random books . he hid them in other parts of the library . the librarian stopped him and asked what he was doing . the man said he was trying to stop people from reading .
quinn spent a lot of time caring for her lawn . she felt that a well-kept lawn reflected well on the house . quinn thought that it made the only first impression that mattered . her region experienced a drought and watering restrictions happened .
my family went out to dinner on thursday . we chose a local pizza place . the food was delicious . the staff was friendly and quick .
the old dog was doing worse than usual . he stopped eating and cried when he moved . cheryl avoided making the appointment with the vet . she told her husband that she would make the appointment tomorrow .
bob wanted to get a tattoo . he wanted to get one of a wolf . his girlfriend sketched a neat design . bob got the tattoo done the next day .
dan was sure that he was over his ex girlfriend . until a mutual friend posted a picture of her in a restaurant . the picture brought dan back to the good times . he felt regret .
jane and shawn were close friends . they did everything together . they got married when they were older . jane died of cancer .
gina 's friend mary would n't share . they both needed to use the school library books about dolphins . but mary had beaten gina and taken them all . and now she refused to share the books .
bob 's stomach was really bothering him after the big meal . a friend he had dined with called to say she was feeling ill , too . they decided the seafood they 'd eaten had been bad . sometime later , bob finally threw up the contents of his stomach .
i started playing chess with my friend tim in 2000 . i bought a tournament set and clock . we made plans to go to a tournament , but tim got sick . i went and won five games .
yesterday kim got a brand new blazer . to her delight , when she got to school everyone complimented her on it . the next few weeks , kim saw that everyone was wearing the blazer . she felt happy to start a new trend .
jay did n't mind driving for his friends . he always made sure they wore their seatbelt.s . yesterday he got into an accident . everyone was safe even if they were hurt .
ben lost his job . he was devastated since he loved his job . months went by and he could not find a job in his field . so , he started to worry that he would never find a job .
detention was finally over . the teacher had confiscated gina 's phone . she went to his desk to ask for it back . it turned out a parent needed to collect the phone .
i got a job as a shopping mall santa last december . the hours were long . the pay was bad . but i found interacting with the kids to be completely amazing .
my friend and i had a little contest the other day . we tried to see who could blow the biggest bubblegum bubble . we took different turns and would take measurements . when his was getting at it 's biggest i popped it .
candice loved to bake . one day candice noticed her mom was sad . candice found out her mom needed money . she decided to do a bake sale .
we went hiking a few weeks ago . after deciding to leave , we decided on a forest not too far from us . once we got there , the weather was perfect ! after setting out down the trail , we saw a snake !
matty 's cats kept scratching themselves . she did n't know what to do . eventually she found out they had fleas . she gave them flea medicine .
the votes were in for class presidential elections . cara was nervous because she wanted to win . when the winner was drawn , cara was defeated . she lost to her opponent .
ellie wanted a fish tank . she went and bought a big aquarium . then she filled it with fresh clean water and gravel . lastly , she added her fish .
rase was at the planetarium . he loved the displays and exhibits there ! then he saw a help wanted sign posted . rase applied and was given the job .
juan wanted a new guitar more than anything . he decided to save up money to buy one . all summer he worked , saving up every penny . finally , he was able to buy the guitar .
today is jim 's first day as a police officer . he was excited to meet his partner tim . while on their beat , they made a traffic stop for failure to yield . the two men instructed the driver on proper road safety .
i wanted to learn how chocolate chips are made . i went to the internet and did a search on the subject . i scanned through all the results , and finally found what i wanted . i read the whole article .
a new chick-fil-a just opened up and i could n't wait to try it . the line was out the door . i waited for a half hour just to order something . i ordered a spicy chicken sandwich .
sal bought a lotto ticket . the jackpot was up to 1 million dollars . he had all the numbers except 1 . sal won 5 thousand dollars .
harry was doing his homework but had trouble with math . he decided to look for help on youtube . after doing a few lessons , he saw an interesting video . the video was exciting and so he decided to watch another .
the dungeons & dragons game was on . joseph showed up in an elf ensemble . mary brought a broomstick sword . laney convinced everyone her big stick was in fact a staff .
six year old bobby wanted a cat very badly . his parents did n't say no but they were n't excited about it either . one morning a friendly young cat showed up at their door . bobby was very excited when his mom said it could come inside .
john took a big drink and swallowed an ice cube . when the ice cube stuck in his throat , john panicked . he heated some water to melt the ice cube . he gulped it quickly , and the ice melted .
sean and sara were travelling to see a concert . they had to take the train to portland . once they got there , they checked into a hotel . they walked to the concert venue .
rex missed his high school days of being a gymnast . now he was afraid he had lost his athletic touch forever . however , a friend encouraged him to try a cartwheel on the beach . rex did an awesome cartwheel on his first try !
hal and judy were moving into a new home with their son . they spent the whole day packing everything up . when they were ready , judy and the son travelled to the new home . hal followed behind them with a moving van .
joe was pals with tim . they always played together at recess . one day joe said he was going to move away . tim was sad .
gina 's dad and mom were sitting in the garage . they had the door open and could see their cars in the driveway . her niece was sitting in her dad 's car in the driver seat . gina was surprised her parents let the kids play in the car .
i recently went to the zoo with my friends . we met there and entered together . we saw lots of animals , such as giraffes , monkeys , and elephants . we even were able to feed the giraffes .
jenny decided she needed a day off from work . she called in sick and went to the beach instead . she spent all day at the beach and got sunburned . the next day , her boss noticed that she was burned from the sun .
billy had a toy ball . he would take his ball wherever he went . one day , he had to go to school . his mom took his ball away from him .
john and ed had a bet on who could get the most candy on halloween . they left john 's house at the same time going in different directions . they had two hours to gather as much as they could . when they got back to the house they weighed their bags .
brandon woke up this morning with his tooth missing . all excited he ran into his parents room . brandon jumped up and down on their bed . he ran back to his room to put his tooth under his pillow .
kelsi always wanted a new pool . she begged her parents for years to get one . finally they caved in and allowed her to have one . kelsi was elated and could not believe it .
rick liked eating chocolate oatmeal . but his friend suggested that he use higher quality cocoa powder . rick was tight about money . but he decided to buy more expensive cocoa powder just once .
ann and tori had been friends for over 20 years . they often shopped together . tori received a call from the bank regarding charges on her atm card . she called anne and told her that someone had been using her card .
amy was nervous about her first violin recital . she knew her piece but she was afraid her mind would go blank . as she stood on stage she closed her eyes , taking a deep breath . her bow danced across the strings .
we used to live by an ice pond . it froze over in the winter . one day my friend joe took his 3 year old out onto the pond . joe slid his son along the ice like a curling stone .
gina 's dad came up from the basement furious . he found drugs on her teen brothers bed . what if one of the little kids had found these drugs . for her father this was the last straw .
carry has been short her whole life . she could never reach the top shelf at the store . greg saw her struggling to reach . he went over and helped her .
gina needed to decide what topic she would write a speech on . she had no clue where to start . she liked fish , and thought this might be a good subject . she decided she would give a speech about dolphins .
samuel loved reading old science fiction stories . he collected books by hg wells and jules verne . his favorite was hg wells . his father gave him a copy of the island of dr moreau .
david was an all around great football player . he was nervous about his next game . a scout would be there . this game would determine his future .
linda went to buy some frozen yogurt . she saw some white yogurt and assumed it was vanilla . she loved vanilla , so that was what she got . she tasted it and it was horrible .
last friday was tad dunkin 's first race in nascar . he had been waiting for this his whole life . he was doing surprisingly well for a first timer . then he lost control and hit a wall .
danny likes to go on picnics . paisley is danny 's girlfriend . one day , danny took paisley on a picnic . she enjoyed herself very much .
my chest hair was getting out of control . i decided i needed to take some trimmers to it . i stepped into the shower and started to shave it off . the hair started to plug the drain because there was so much .
i had a stroke in 2011 . i spent 8 weeks in hospitals and rehab centers . the staff fed me oatmeal every morning . after i got released i kept eating oatmeal .
charles had a big , white dog . he did not like the way the dog looked . charles thought about what he could do to change it . he painted the dog pink .
kelly bought a book to read on a plane one day . she had two long flights and nothing else to do . she became engrossed in the book as she flew . but when she changed planes , she realized she 'd forgotten it !
ava was mad that she had to wear a vest in the pool . she wanted to swim without a vest like her brother . she asked her mother if she could take swimming lessons . ava took lessons for 6 weeks and learned how to swim .
tom was wrapping christmas presents . but he lost track of who they were for . so he put wrong name tags on the presents . on christmas , tom handed his son a present .
connie 's doctor says she is overweight . she recommended better diet and exercise . one day , connie joined a gym . the next day , connie was disappointed to not see change .
jane was paranoid and valued her privacy . she went out to the mall to look for a privacy filter . at the mobile shop , she found one that would fit her phone . she had them install the privacy filter .
the woman 's baby was crying in the grocery store . she could n't stop crying for several minutes . the mom became furious and smacked her . several people were arguing at the mom .
jenny wanted to learn how to ride a horse . she went to a local horse farm . after a quick lesson , she mounted the horse . a feeling of joy enveloped her as she rode the horse around a ring .
kurtis decided to go camping . he drove up to the mountains and found a camping spot . he began to set up his tent . suddenly , a grizzly bear came and began to approach kurtis .
neil had been journeying through asia . now he had worked his way south into australia . neil was so excited to see australian culture . he was thrilled at the prospect of exotic animals and people !
joe needed money . he asked jeb for fifty dollars . jeb refused . he told joe to get a job .
gina was in trouble for something her sister did . her parents held her accountable since she was older . gina thought this was very unfair . she went to her room and sat alone , waiting for an apology .
ann loved cake . every saturday she would walk by the bakery . ann loved to look at the beautiful cakes . one day a lady asked her to come inside .
kelly and her friends went to a new ice cream shop . they were excited to try the new flavors . one of the flavors was wasabi . even though it looked gross it tasted good .
rory was allergic to gluten and strawberries . one day she sat down to eat lunch at school . she opened her lunch box , and stared at a sandwich with strawberries . her new step mom had packed her lunch for the first time .
a boy needed to learn to drive . he asked his father and he said yes . they began to look for a first car . in the newspaper ads , they found a nice looking car .
lynn told her friends they were going to sneak out . but sneaking back in was a problem . her dad was in the kitchen . the girls climbed into the basement through an open window .
tory was tired of the hot weather . and he had no air conditioner at home . he gathered what money he could and set out to buy one . but as he stepped outside , he noticed rain drops .
kim had been working extra hard for weeks . she learned of a promotion up for grabs at her company . it came with a new office and great benefits . finally all her work paid off and she was offered the promotion .
the zookeeper closed the zoo for the night . but he did n't check the rhino cage . it was n't latched properly . the rhino escaped !
i bought a new lamp today . i still need to set it up . i 'm not sure where to put it . my mom thinks it should go in the corner .
many years ago , the united states was not a country . instead , the people who lived there were part of england . they decided they wanted to be their own country . there was a long war , but ultimately they prevailed .
cole had a garden with a lot of vegetables . he had so many that he would have to throw them out . he started to take his excess vegetables to the local church . the church was grateful to cole for his kindness .
throughout my day in school , i was completely tired . as my spanish teacher taught accents , i was falling asleep . during lunch , i decided to rest on the bleachers in the football field . in addition , i fell asleep on the bus ride home .
bob was daydreaming as he drove his car . a deer jumped out right in front of him on to the road . bob 's car slammed into the deer ! the deer and bob 's front bumper were pulverized !
i went to las vegas . i learned that i really like the slot machines . i spent a lot of time on them . i spent a lot of money .
chelsea was getting married next week . she needed someone to give her away . her father was out of the question as he was an abusive jerk . she really did n't know what to do .
austin needed artwork for his apartment . he went to some art galleries downtown to get inspiration . once he had an idea . he went online and bought some materials .
robert and sharon met at band camp when they were in high school . by the time they graduated they had plans to marry . now they are expecting their first great grandchild . sharon ca n't believe that so much time passed so fast .
in 2005 , i went to st anselm college to play chess . my friend was a professor there . his colleague-also a chess player- played us as well . i was on a great streak and did not lose any games !
izzy is a doctor . she is too involved with her patients . one day , she falls in love with her patient , denny . denny dies of an aneurysm .
larry always wanted to feel stronger . he noticed that several students at school were lifting weights . larry decided to lift weights as well . he started with light weights , but gradually tried heavier ones .
my roommate interviewed for a new job . he practiced every night the week before to make sure he was ready . when the day came , he dressed up in his nicest clothes . we waited in anticipation to hear what would happen .
gertrude was notoriously clumsy and awkward . her friends thought that participating in a sport may help her . she decided to try out for the soccer team at school . she ran out on the field and unexpectedly tripped over the ball .
leeza was walking alone near the woods . she suddenly fell and was unable to walk . she screamed for help , to no avail . she crawled to the street to flag someone down .
in the autumn , susan planted some flower seeds in the backyard . over the course of the winter , she had forgotten about planting them . once april came , little flowers appeared all over the backyard . to protect the new garden from her dog , she decided to fence it in .
i went to go take a nap before work . as soon as i laid down the phone rang . it was my friend who would n't shut up about a new game he purchased . i lied and told him there was someone at the door .
jennifer was hungry on a rainy day . she looked through her house , but did n't have much . suddenly , she noticed a can on her shelf . she looked at it and it was chicken noodle soup .
noah bought an old book at the thrift store . he took it home and began to read it . as he did , something fell out of the pages . noah bent curiously and picked it up , eyes widening .
gina could n't turn on the water hose . the spigot was without a handle . she could n't find the handle in the house . finally she went into the garage to look .
i found a $ 600 dollar envelope in the mail today . however , it belonged to my neighbor . i decided to give them the mail instead of keeping it . they thanked me for being selfless .
before she left , she promised him that one day she would be back . she had important things to take care of far away . he missed her and she really missed him . someday she would be back , he told himself .
oliver needed a new radio . he did n't know anything about them , though . he had a friend help him pick one out . the friend was a pro and found him a good deal .
tommy called on the girl who sat next to him in class . he asked if she thought that the class was good . she gave him a frown and sad that she 's in a relationship . tommy immediately turned around .
helen lived in the state of washington . helen wanted to visit canada . helen 's car broke down on the day of her trip . helen decided it was n't meant to be .
today sarah ran a race . she needed to run more than 3 miles to finish . the race was very difficult for her . she was n't fast , but she kept persevering until she finished .
the town hosted a dog diving contest . they set up a large outdoor pool with steps . many people came to watch and take pictures . each dog took his turn running and jumping into the water .
we went on safari and hoped to see the big 5 that is everyone 's goal . after 10 days , we had seen all but a leopard . we heard someone saying they had seen leopard babies on today 's drive . we were so disappointed and asked them about it later .
albert was a young man who had just gotten cpr certified . he decided to celebrate by going out to eat . while at the restaurant , another patron started choking on her food . albert rushed to her side and quickly did the heimlich maneuver .
my daughter got all the words on her spelling pre-test correct monday . because of this , she does n't have to take the post-test friday . she was so excited when she showed me her test . she told me that not very many of the other kids got them all right .
harry had just moved to england . his new friends kept telling him to try fish and chips . thus , harry decided to go to the market to get fish and chips . harry loved the fish and chips !
sam and john went out to play some ultimate frisbee one day . upon arrival at the field , there was a pickup game of football going . sam approached them and asked them to let him and john play as well . after a few minutes talk , they agreed and everyone played for a bit .
tina is very tired every single morning . she does not get enough sleep because of her two jobs . tina decides to quit one of the jobs . she now gets enough sleep to function everyday .
jaris wanted to pick some wildflowers for his vase . he went to the state park . he picked many kinds of flowers . little did jaris realize that it was a national park .
my daughter has a list of things to do before she turns 40 . she is only 30 . one thing was to read the bible cover to cover . i decided to read the bible again to support my daughter .
micky always wanted to get thinner . he tried fad diets to no avail . he started to cut back on his calories and get more exercise . after 2 months micky started to see results .
amy called kim . she wanted to find out why kim was being rude to her . kim was jealous of amy 's boyfriend . amy accepted her apology .
lauren finished her late night shift at the bar feeling tired . she usually liked taking the bus home from work . however , tonight she noticed that the moon looked beautiful . she strolled home happily under the bright moon .
noah was playing in his treehouse . he decided to come down for the day . but then he saw that his ladder had fallen and lay on the ground ! noah had no way to get down from the treehouse !
there was a boy with a paintball gun . he wasted all of his ammo . he was in the trenches trying to stay out of sight . finally , he sprinted towards the flag .
celina is very old . her hips are always sore . it is hard for her to walk . one day , she obtained a walker .
neil was visiting limerick in ireland . there , he saw a beautiful sight . he saw the large and lovely river shannon ! after a few minutes , he agreed with the locals .
jay 's team had been practicing all week for the big game . none of the players looked like they knew what they were doing . jay 's team lost the big game handily . jay bought the team pizza for trying so hard .
rachel really wanted some new make-up . however , she lacked money to purchase some . she went to the store and slipped some eyeliner into her purse . she walked out of the store without anyone catching her .
maxine is tired of always getting so wet when it rains outside . she considers moving somewhere without rainy but decides against it . finally maxine buys a great new red umbrella . she loves her new umbrella and she brings it everywhere .
one day , misty saw some something strange at church . someone had left a beautiful , fluffy kitty on the church doorstep . misty and her mommy took the kitty home and named him huckle . huckle proved a very funny kitty who liked to play with bags .
derek is tired of living at home with his parents . one day , his friend suggested they move in together . he told his parents . that night , they packed his stuff .
veronica knew she desperately needed to drink more water . she did n't really want to turn to flavored powder products . while searching for ideas online , she stumbled across a fruit infuser . she ordered the cool bottle that holds fruit to flavor the water .
after school , alex went to his friend 's house to play video games . alex did n't have any video games himself so he was excited . alex always loses when playing against his friend . however , he did n't care because alex always has fun .
we spent our thirtieth anniversary on the california coast . it was chilly and foggy and drizzly . i had plans to spend time on the beach with my water colors . on our third day we discovered a family of whales near the pier .
jenny always likes to go to starbucks . one day she was ordering her coffee . as she got to the window to pay , she was told it was already paid for . the person before her had paid .
i became a law and order fan in 2011 . i was recovering from a stroke . when i got home i tried to watch every episode . it was hard trying to binge watch 20 year 's of a show .
everybody loved bob because he played a popular character on film . bob hated it because he was nothing like that character . jim asked bob to say his character 's catch phrase . it was too much for bob and he exploded with rage .
lita wanted to watch her favorite show on television . her kids insisted that she sit down to watch it with them . lita told them that she had chores to do . her kids dragged her laundry basket to the living room .
liv jumped as she was startled by a loud pop . she realized it was the light bulb in her kitchen burning out . she got out a footstool and stepped on to it . it wobbled under her and she almost fell .
mother told her children it would be lunchtime in fifteen minutes . but then she got an important phone call . while she was talking , the dog dragged mud all over the kitchen . the kids started to pester their mother , who was still on the phone .
hector has always bought coffee at a local shop before work . he realizes that his coffee buying habit is very expensive . one day hector decides to brew coffee at home . he is proud that the coffee he made at home is so good .
kelly found out there was a new girl at school . when she walked into the school she went looking for her . when she met her , she invited her to sit with her at lunch . when they ate lunch , the girls became friends .
tommy trained hard to run his first 5k . during the race he felt frustrated when so many people passed him . when he heard his name called during awards he was shocked . he did n't realize they would do awards by age group .
laurie is going to her first formal dance tonight . her date picked her up and gave her a beautiful rose . laurie wore a long sparkling dressed . they danced and had fun with all of their friends .
neil was exploring historic railroads . he rode into scranton , pennsylvania . he realized it was a beautiful old train depot . he took lots of photos while he was there .
bob dreaded his first day working at a fast food fish joint . he planned to wait to put on his gaudy nautical uniform . bob got to work making fish burgers after donning the uniform . he was so busy , he forgot to change back into his street clothes
a friend came to visit . i told her that my dog bites . she did not listen . she tried to pet him and play with him .
lester has always wanted to be more artistic . he decides to try to draw a picture of a flower one day . he sits in front of a beautiful orchid and begins to draw . lester 's drawing comes out very well .
pablo likes to eat worms . he read a book in school on how to do this . he fries them in olive oil . he likes to do this at least once a month .
kira always loved japanese culture . many of her favorite movies were in japanese . she decided that she would travel there . for years she saved money for her trip .
glen was in the mood for a walk . he put on his jacket and went outside . while walking on the sidewalk , he tripped and busted his knee open . glen stood back up and limped back to his house .
jesus spent the day polishing the furniture . as night approached he surveyed the work he 'd done . everything looked shiny and new . jesus invited all of his friends over for a party that evening .
i was walking to the store recently . as i was passing an exit , i felt cold , hard steel on my arm . i was shocked that i was being hit by a car ! the driver was very apologetic after he saw i was hit .
gina 's sister cut her ankle on broken glass . the blood ran down her foot and into her shoe . when she saw the blood she ran home . gina ran behind her , but could n't keep up .
a little boy was in the third grade . he was very smart but struggled with reading . whenever he read out loud his classmates laughed at him . he started to practice reading every single day .
rosie 's class was having a little party . she decided to make a fruit salad for everyone . she spent lots of money on the fruit and lots of time preparing it . on the day of the party she scooped a huge bowl of the fruit salad up .
kelly was happy to have her new phone . she took it with her everywhere . unfortunately she smashed it . thankfully however she was able to get it fixed .
while i was in college , i had met an older man . i was 22 and he was 38 years old . we had a good understanding and had a good time together . we stayed together the whole time i was there .
bob wanted to be in the school play . he studied the part carefully . he rehearsed his lines often . on audition day , he did a great job .
jackie has been designated eighth grade hall monitor . she is envied throughout the class . classmates often put her job in jeopardy . they would steal jackie 's hall passes .
my dad had just gotten a new car . to celebrate we all went for a drive . another car ran a stop sign and crashed into us . i smacked the window hard enough to break it .
my niece loves the frozen movie . she always wants it put on . she goes around the house singing . she loves screaming let it go .
alex was dribbling up the court , with his team down two points . he glanced at the scoreboard , and saw there was only 5 seconds left . his mind raced as he tried to find an open man . the defenders were sticking to his teammates like glue .
i came into the library and took a seat . when i looked around , i noticed a kid . he was staring at me for a while . i became frustrated and got up from by seat .
iva and brant were trying to conceive a child . they had been trying for six months with no success . at their doctor 's appointment , they expressed discouragement . but then they saw the doctor smiling broadly .
catherine has always been intrigued by the sport of curling . catherine loves watching the athletes play the sport on television . one day , catherine decided she would visit a curling practice session . at the practice , one of the athletes invited catherine to play .
francis has always looked forward to learning how to drive . finally he is old enough for a driver 's license . francis studies very hard to get a license . he passes his driver 's test easily .
yesterday i had a great time seeing the nutcracker . i absolutely loved it . as the dancers graced the stage it was beautiful . i felt honored to have seen the show .
i woke up for my class at 8:30 in the morning . i drowsily got out of bed and took a shower . i quickly ate breakfast and began to walk to class . after 50 minutes of class , i began to walk back to my dorm .
gary wanted to get lisa 's attention . one day he decides to write lisa a poem . the next day at school , gary sees lisa in the hallway . gary gives lisa a really big smile and hands her the poem .
carlos has always wanted to visit france . he decides that he should learn to speak french before he goes . he enrolls in a night class and studies very hard . finally carlos can speak french pretty well .
lars had always wanted to try photography . his friend was an excellent photographer , but he had never tried . one day he bought a simple , but high quality , camera . from that day on , lars shot images of nature every day .
i bought a television from an electronics store . it is a big flatscreen with a high definition quality picture . the employee convinced me to buy a warranty for it just in case . a week later the television fell off my wall and broke .
ryan was at a park . and he saw a little girl holding a balloon . as he was leaving the park , he saw the same balloon stuck in a tree . he climbed the tree to retrieve the balloon .
jen 's manager told her she needed to upload her resume . she realized her resume was not formatted properly . she transferred all of the content over to the proper template . adding information on her latest job , she updated the resume .
neil was touring the city of fez . he tasted their ethnic cuisine . then he went shopping for souvenirs . fez had great street performers as well , he noted .
i needed to take my dog for a walk . my neighborhood requires a leash . i looked through my house for the leash . i could not find it .
it was a bright , warm day . so joe thought it would be nice to take a walk . he decided to walk to his local coffee shop . but halfway there , he started getting tired .
jen was waiting for a package all day . finally she saw the ups man walking up to the door . he delivered the package and she brought it inside . she opened the package with a knife .
frank did not want to do his homework . he wanted to play video games instead . frank 's parents told him to do his homework first . frank threw a tantrum and got punished .
timmy was competing in the 3 point competition at his school . the winner would have a chance to win a $ 1000 college scholarship . timmy practiced shooting 3 pointers all weekend . he was ready when the day of the competition arrived .
drake attended a party on friday . he discovered that his wallet had been stolen from his coat . drake immediately called the police , but the wallet was not found . drake confronted the host of the party about the issue .
bob discovered his truck had a flat tire . he had never changed a tire before . he got out the tire jack and iron . he could n't remove the bolts .
jack is tired of writing emails on his tablet computer . he decides he needs to invest in a laptop . he researches different laptops until he has found the perfect one . finally he buys it .
jake 's hair was getting a bit too long . he had a job interview coming up . he asked his mother to cut his hair . his mother gave him a nicely cut professional looking haircut .
sean came over today . sam , sean , and i played games . they started to get mad at me about how bad i was . they said i could n't play anymore until i got better .
sarah wanted to mail a card . she went to the post office . she paid for stamps . she put the letter in an enveloped .
chuck was tired from working . he closed his work for a while . he opened up the forum to chat with coworkers . after those nasty zoltar hits he needed this break .
bob used plastic grocery bags to go shopping . then , his friend told him that plastic is bad for the environment . bob decided to forego his plastic bags . bob invested in some reuseable grocery bags .
joe needed to get a portrait of himself for a project . he called up some local artists and asked their rates . one of the artists had reasonable rates . joe made an appointment with that artist to do the portrait .
ann was trying to quit smoking . she made several attempts but always failed . then she applied to nicotine patch to help her . and help her it did !
jen got sent to her aunt 's for the summer . she hated the thought of being away from her local library all summer . she took a few books with her but she would go through those quickly . when she arrived her aunt took her into a special room in her home .
yesterday was rob 's tooth cleaning . he is normally really afraid of dentists . but there 's a cute new nurse at the office . so he was excited to go .
joe loved to eat dirt . he would make mud pies every chance he got . he was eating a pie when he felt something very hard in his mouth . joe had bitten down on a rock and knocked out his tooth .
rob has never been on a rollercoaster . rob 's friends offered him a free ticket to six flags . rob decided he may as well join . they all went and waited a long line .
carly was waiting for sam to call her . he promised to on friday . it was now late saturday and she had n't heard anything . finally she decided to call him .
amy came home from school on her birthday to an empty house . she was upset that everyone had forgotten her special day . she walked sadly into the living room . suddenly , her friends and family jumped out from their hiding spots .
pan tried to hit me for no apparent reason . as mad i was , i simply defended her punch . she continued to throw her fist at me . in efforts to stop her , i threw her on the ground .
becky has a cousin named ashley . becky and ashley used to be friends when they were kids . ashley started being stupid when she grew up . she went to jail for stealing tampons from a dollar store .
pam and tom 's baby was a light sleeper . their thoughtless neighbor often left his dog outside barking all day . every time pam got her baby to sleep , the dog started barking . pam fantasized about unleashing the dog so it would run away .
may was accepted to college in fredonia . she took the bus to her new school . she explored the campus . she loved everything she saw .
mary needed to have teeth pulled . she wanted the dentist to put her to sleep . all he could do was numb the area with novocaine . mary stared at him in horror .
ford was proud of his high gpa . he worked every evening on assignments in order to improve it . ford 's friends warned him that he was missing out on fun . later in life , ford became a successful lawyer .
my wife says i lack passion . that i do n't have many hobbies or interests . i tried to argue but could n't . i realized she was right .
nina wanted a nice halloween costume . but she could not afford anything fancy . she looked through her house for ideas . then she found a great costume for free .
veronika liked hiking in the woods . one day she was on a trail and found a tree house . she climbed the ladder and was amazed at all the stuff in the house . it was fully furnished with a furniture and blankets .
it was a beautiful spring day in early march . tracey decided to go for a walk in the woods behind her house . she was heard a woodpecker and began looking for it in the trees . she tripped over a root and fell on the path .
bob was really thirsty and wanted a soda . unfortunately , he did n't have any money . bob walked into a gas station and asked if he could have a soda . the cashier asked him if he had any money .
jim was waiting at the airport . his wife would be there in an hour . he was very bored . he then decided to catch up on his book .
joe really wanted to attend columbia university . he worked really hard in school , was on the soccer team . he got put on the waiting list . although he was disappointed , he tried his best to the very end .
gina 's friend tami had a folder she did n't want anyone else to have . gina wanted one but did n't know where to buy one . now tami had a new lisa frank trapper keeper . gina was jealous since she wanted one too .
leah had a beautiful christmas tree in her house . one day , she left to go to the store . when she returned , the tree was knocked over . her cat had climbed it and pulled it down !
peter had used the same chair for years . it was becoming worn out . he decided to buy a new , more comfortable chair . when it arrived peter was very happy .
rex is getting ready for a party tonight . he realizes he has n't prepared anything for guests to eat with cheese . rex runs out to get a baguette . he slices it into thin even slices to make it easy to eat .
ali always takes the train to get to work each day . one day she was very sick but still went to work . she worked hard all day and even took work home . she got on the train and fell asleep .
the football team had worked hard all season . they had won every game and made it to the championship . there were only seconds left on the clock and the game was tied . the quarterback through a long pass and the receiver scored .
we live in a high rise building . one day the wind was strong , partly due to the height of the building . the wind blew the tree branches so much my wife could not sleep . the wind also knocked down the internet cable .
kate wanted to buy a new keyboard for her computer . she saved up for months to afford a good keyboard . kate finally went online and ordered her keyboard ! she waited excitedly for days for its arrival .
jon graduated from college and began his job search . he applied for jobs in his field every day . three weeks after he began , he got a call . the person calling asked if he would be interested in an interview .
julie loved to read anything she could get her hands on . most of her time was spent in the library . her favorite library was staffed by miss watson . miss watson saw julie 's love of books and offered her a job .
amy 's family was going to six flags . she sat patiently in the car waiting to arrive . when the arrived she sat on her knees surveying the park . she waited in line for an hour to ride the largest roller coaster .
steve was in a hurry to get to the football game . on the highway , steve drove his car very fast . the highway patrol stopped steve 's car . the officer wrote steve a ticket for speeding .
my daughter went to her first birthday party for a friend . she was so excited leading up to the party . she talked of nothing else for a week . she went to the party and had a blast .
bob needed money to buy food . he was sad that he could n't eat because he had no money . he decided to write a book about his hard life . people immediately praised the book and bought thousands of copies !
i just completed my first marathon today . it was about six miles and i worked real hard . i trained for it for about three months . it 's always been on my to do list in life
bobby folded his fruit roll-up into the shape of an airplane . he wound up his arm and threw roll-up airplane as hard as he could . it was far too heavy , though , and fell like a brick . bobby decided that planes should be made out of paper .
sam was stargazing one night . suddenly he sat bolt upright . he saw a twinkling , moving star ! he ran to show it to his dad .
john and meg had dated for five year 's . john loved meg , and wanted to marry her . he decided to ask her to marry him tonight , after a movie date . when they walked out of the movies , he suddenly dropped to his knees .
a beautiful bunch of bananas dangled just out of reach . bobby tried throwing his shoe , but it got stuck . he tried climbing the tree , but he fell . next , he whacked furiously with a hoe , but it was too short to reach .
beth was recovering from an illness . she was finally able to eat food after 4 days . although she was better she was n't well . she decided to take friday off from school and take time to heal .
rhonda bought some new pink socks to wear . she loved them . when she took them off , though , they got mixed in with other laundry . on laundry day she washed her clothes without sorting them .
the sea was frightening during a storm . marcus hated the way the boat rose up and crashed down . it made him sick to his stomach . he cowered in his cabin and shut his eyes but it did n't help .
yesterday , anna decided to take a nap . she got comfortable in her chair and closed her eyes . just as she fell asleep , her daughter 's puppy jumped into her lap ! she was very surprised .
chuck loves this bar by his house . he goes there all the time with friends . he was on his way there one day and noticed it was closed . it had been put out of business .
steve was sitting in the cafe . while at the cafe , he usually read a book . however , today he forgot his book . he had no choice but to do a lot of thinking .
john was driving to the store when he realized he forgot his wallet . his driver 's license was in the wallet . police lights started flashing behind him . after pulling over he told the officer he forgot his wallet at home .
tom enjoyed puzzles growing up . he was not just outside of the escape room adventure . he calmed his breathing and readied himself mentally . thirty minutes later , he exited the escape room in record time .
gina was bored while cleaning her room . but it had to be done . she decided to turn on the radio . there was a song she never heard before .
a small snowstorm came through a town . the school roof buckled under the weight . a janitor climbed on top to inspect . the roof shook under the new weight .
my birthday was yesterday . to my surprise my friends planned a party for me . i could not believe it . the party was very fun .
my mother threw out her old dictionary . i retrieved it from the trash . sitting with it , i found myself smelling it . it reminded me of the scent of an old library .
our parents took us to paragon park in 1963 . we took a ferry from rowes wharf in boston . we rode the carousel , the whip , and the caterpillar . we played skeeball .
my favorite movie is the wizard of oz . i used to think it was real when i was young . whenever i watched it , i felt immersed in the movie . the characters took me away into the land of oz .
mary ann went for a walk on a trail at the park . she passed people with children and animals . she passed people jogging and riding bikes . she saw a lot of plants .
one day , a dog moved into a family that had two cats . one cat did n't mind the new dog , but the other cat was scared . he meowed loudly and scratched the dog 's nose . he leaped from one side of the room to the other to escape the dog .
my favorite animal is the arabian oryx . i ca n't usually see them because it 's an african antelope . i have to go to zoos . my family bought me a nice present for my birthday this year .
everyday , i nag my daughter to do her homework . i finally decided that it is her own responsibility . sure enough , she did n't do it one evening . i sent her to bed anyway , knowing she would get in trouble at school .
a young boy wanted to pitch for his baseball team . he practiced a lot with his brothers . at practice his coach let him try out as pitcher . the boy did not do well .
sue woke up in the middle of the night to an awful smell . she could not figure out what it was . she looked around the room . then she noticed saw it .
mark notices that his teeth are beginning to hurt one day . he decides to visit his dentist to see what is the matter . the dentist tells mark that he needs to have his wisdom teeth removed . mark agrees to have the surgery done .
lulu had just moved into her new home . she had a dishwasher for the first time . she decided to run a load of dishes that night . in the compartment , she poured some dish soap .
farmer bill called out the the cows in the field . the came running in for their food . bill poured out some grains for the cows in big bins . the cows happily ate their dinner .
terry left the hospital frustrated and disheartened . he had trouble opening his car door with a broken thumb . at home , he asked his sister to loan him money for surgery . she agreed on the condition that he get a job with insurance .
mary has worked at a car dealership for two year 's without selling . her boss tells her that she needs to sell a car soon . one day a couple comes into the dealership and asks to see a car . mary sells them a very big , expensive car .
brie and her cat moved in with her boyfriend and his cat . the two cats hated each other . they spent most of their hissing each other . one night , six months later , the cats decided to cuddle .
tim needed a new kitchen floor . his was old and cracked . so he went shopping for new tiles . he found great tiles and brought them home .
dave decided one day he wanted to go see a nickelback show . he ordered a few tickets . he then invited some of his friends . they all went to the show , and had a good time
there is a cemetery with 199 grave stones . 12 men brought a casket . 12 men put the casket in the ground . men and women wept together .
joe felt confident going into his boxing match . he dominated the first four rounds . he got hit with a left hook that cut his eye in the fifth . the last seven rounds were a back and forth affair .
the nastiest thing happened to jimmy . he picked up a bag of potato chips from his bedroom floor . on his way out the door , he ate some chips . outside , his friend said , why are there ants crawling on your bag ?
my son participated in a cub scout toy car derby . father and son teams designed small matchbox cars . some teams designed fancy cars . we designed a simple car , which actually won the derby .
brian tried out for the hockey team this year . unfortunately he did not make the team . the coach said that he needed to be faster on skates . brian spent all winter working on his speed skating .
kelly was skiing when suddenly she heard a large commotion behind her . she looked back and saw a wall of snow coming towards her . she panicked and started skiing faster down the slope . as the avalanche caught up to her she quickly jumped into some trees .
harry really wanted to see the new star wars movie . he waited in line at the box office on opening day . he was able to buy a ticket for himself . he watched the entire movie .
mark was starting a new job the next day . he was nervous about being around so many strangers . he barely slept any the night before due to anxiety . when he entered the building he was greeted warmly by many people .
ellen had a baby daughter who slept in a crib in her own room . one morning ellen did not hear her baby fussing , so she went to check . her daughter was not moving or breathing ! ellen called the police in a terrible panic .
pearl collected cds with ugly cover art . she prized a jazz cd with two dolphins photoshopped together . her sister stole the cd while angry with her . pearl 's heart sank and she implored her sister to return it .
anna went to the beach . the tide drew out , and she saw a tide pool . she went to inspect it , and she was amazed at all the life in it . there were fish , sea urchins , starfish - it was incredible !
brianna complained bitterly when her family went camping . it would ruin her hair and nails and there was no tv . however , she forgot these things when she tasted her first s'more . munching her treat , she gazed at the huge , starry sky in awe .
shay was hiking in the woods . then she realized she was lost ! she tried not to panic . she retraced her steps until she found her way back to camp .
troy was the best player on his basketball team . his team was playing in the championship game tonight . troy scored 56 points to win the game for his team . he carried a huge trophy after the game .
simon got food poisoning . he thought back on all the restaurants he 's recently visited . he called his friends who ate with him on these occasions . one of his friends informed him he was also sick with food poisoning .
arnold was scared of birds . one day he was at a picnic . a bird was flying in the distance . it landed on his food .
one day adam bought two bb guns . he gave one to his son , christian . christian wanted to play with the guns in the house . christian shot the gun and broke the screen on the television .
kip was disappointed there was n't any snow . he whined to his parents that it just was n't christmas without it . they told him to go to bed . kip stomped his way to his room and eventually fell asleep .
ben has always wanted to learn how to play piano . now that his children are grown up , he has more spare time . ben enrolls in a piano class with a local tutor . although it is difficult , he is dedicated to learning .
benson was bullied at school by another boy . benson began losing sleep about it . he finally told his teachers at school about it . the teachers approached the bully about the problem .
my father and i were making space for plants in the backyard . we dug for several minutes trying to make room . i found a box that was buried in the ground . when i looked inside , there was a dead animal .
karen had gone away for school , leaving behind her partner sam . sam was missing karen , but he had a plan to fix that . on a long weekend , sam took the train upstate to go visit karen . karen who was missing sam , had a plan to fix it as well .
joey was camping with his friends . he wanted to start a fire to roast marshmallows . he found some sticks and logs in the woods . he used a match to light the logs .
diana cleans offices buildings for a living . she washes toilets and scrubs floors . on friday she was really sick and nauseous at work . she could n't take the day off .
jason 's best friend is getting married in india next year . jason decides that he wants to learn hindi before the wedding . he hires a tutor and practices speaking hindi every day . when the wedding day arrives , jason is fluent in hindi !
todd and ashley were dating . todd got irritated with ashley . he gave her the silent treatment . ashley got upset .
my friends and i got invited to a party at college . we got all dressed up for the exciting event . we were all so excited to have fun ! at the party , we danced the whole time .
kelly and her friends decided to have a baking party . the girls decided to bake some cookies . they baked chocolate and oatmeal cookies . after they were done they wrapped them in bags .
girls are a lot of trouble . sometimes they say things they do not mean . last one i talked to lied to me . she told me she was rich .
it was a very cold day . the snow was coming down very hard for many hours . the people of lansing were stuck in their homes without power . the storm brought three feet of snow to the city .
larry was playing golf with his father . larry was feeling really energetic from his coffee earlier . he hit the ball as hard as he could on his first swing . larry got a hole in one !
candy woke up excited because it was her birthday . but the whole day went by and no one gave her any gifts . she began to feel depressed and thought everyone had forgotten . later , she got hungry and headed for the kitchen , but stopped .
recently , i became very unhappy with my job . i decided to look around for a new one so i would be happy . i applied to many different places . one place called me back and i went for an interview .
lindsey really wanted a new pair of shoes . the shoes were very expensive . she decided to save up her money . after several weeks , she could get the shoes .
ora had been dared not to shower in order to join a sorority . she could n't imagine going without clean water for a week ! then she thought of a loophole . they had n't said ora could n't take a bath !
on allison 's 25th birthday her family took her to bingo . she had never played before and was nervous . after they showed her how to play she was excited to begin . on the fourth game she got a bingo .
nya wanted to see the parade downtown . she caught three buses . then she took the subway . she made it downtown just in time .
madeline was thrilled to get a new purse at saks . her mother took her to the bag department . madeline immediately saw a pink bag she loved . she could not believe how amazing it was .
tom bought a new plant . he kept it by his bed . the plant stopped growing . his mother said it needed sunlight .
yu darvish is a pitcher for the texas rangers . for the last two seasons he has been injured . according to reports , he is finally healthy and able to play . ranger fans are hopeful he will be a leader for their pitchers .
avery received a homework assignment due in two weeks . she immediately read through the task . she made a schedule and broke it up into tasks for each day . she completed the tasks on their scheduled day .
chester decides to go to the mall one afternoon . he does not intend on buying anything , but just wants to walk around . however , he sees a very nice shirt on sale . chester buys the shirt because the price is so good .
gina realized she needed to get to work on her report . she had wasted the whole day and only had one left to complete it . she sat down and began to work . her mother wanted her to wash the dishes .
tuesdays are laundry days at my apartment . we have been too busy the last couple of tuesdays . now we have almost no clean clothes left . i 'm dressed foolishly and still smell bad .
it was a beautiful summer day outside . bob decided to go for a walk at the park . bob walked along the path and admired the scenery . he found a twenty dollar bill on the ground .
meghan and scott wanted to see their favorite band play in a concert . tickets went on sale online and the server was very busy . meghan and scott were trying hard to buy tickets . just when the concert was almost sold out , meghan found two tickets .
john had just graduated high school , and was about to go to college . his mom helped him pack all his stuff , and he drove away . when he got there , he went to check out his dorm . his new roommate was there , and they hit it off .
jackie had been a long distance runner for many year 's . despite her very full ipod , she became bored with music . one of her running friends recommended an audible book . she loaded a new release to her ipod .
ari 's friends dared her to spend the night in the local haunted house . ari tentatively agreed . she climbed in through the house 's window . then she snuggled up with her blanket in the corner .
sam drove around with his high beams on . one of his headlights was out and he thought it was safer . he was pulled over last night . the cop gave him a ticket and told him to fix it .
one night , a group of friends decided to play with a ouija board . it was all in fun , and they played for an hour . after playing , they laid down for bed . minutes later , they heard a strange banging sound on the floor .
jan was tired of winter and cold weather . she saw a commercial advertising a car that would be great for a trip . she bought the car and planned the trip on a map . she drove all over the state of florida .
neil had just arrived in iran . he was enthralled with the cities and countryside . he thought the mountains were so beautiful . the language and people were wonderful too .
andrew had been single for many year 's . while he wanted a girlfriend he did not know how to approach anyone . finally a friend introduced andrew to a nice young lady . andrew asked her out on a date .
amy was running late for her flight . she hurried through airport security . she could hear her name over the speaker near her gate . she ran top speed and greeted annoyed stewardess .
ana was tanning on the beach . she dozed off in the warm sun . she woke three hours later . her eyes widened as she looked in the mirror .
paul felt brave so he tried to join the army . the army said he was too weak to join . paul was undeterred so he then tried to join the navy . the navy refused him because paul could n't swim .
the cat chased the mouse across the empty warehouse . running in fear , the rodent moved as fast as it could . the larger feline stayed close behind . it was terrified .
neil flew into russia . there , he visited tourist sites and saw friendly locals . he found that russia was colorful and vibrant . it also had a great and rich history .
mary makes candles . she enjoys this as a hobby . mary took one to her friend as a gift . everyone loved the candles and asked to buy one .
it was summer and gina and her sister were bored . they decided to watch music videos . there was the music video channel or the black entertainment channel . they chose to watch the black entertainment channel .
i was really excited i was going to the beach . i made sure to pack everything up in my car . i drove there and put on my swim trunks . when i came out of the dressing room , it started to rain .
arnold was scared of cats . he thinks all of them are creepy . one day he visited his girlfriend 's house . his girlfriend has a cat .
leah is a full time college student who wants a part time job . leah searches craigslist and finds an entry level position . leah applies and the next day get a call for an interview . leah goes to the interview and does really well .
yesterday i went to toys r us . i had to get gifts for my cousins . i loaded my cart up . thankfully i found out they had a sale .
bob was driving from texas to florida . he refused to stop at hotels for a break . after fifteen hours of driving , he was tired . he began to fall asleep .
i got my concert tickets . i drove to chicago . i could not believe i was seeing a beatle . i was 30 rows from the front of the stage .
maggie noticed a bat was flying around her ceiling . she panicked and did n't know what to do . she decided to hide in her room and call the exterminator . suddenly , her cat comes in her room holding something in his mouth .
it was summer . and jeff 's room was very hot . he saw dark blinds advertised to block heat . and he thought it would make a noticeable difference .
joey 's uncle showed him a marble . he teased joey and said it was his glass eye . later , joey played marbles with friends . one boy said his marble was a cat 's eye .
around 11am , the school 's fire alarm went off . rushing towards the door , the students stopped when gunshots rang out . then the teacher instructed them to hide under their desks . diving under their desks , the students were petrified .
jeffries 's remote ran out of batteries . it stopped working completely . he needed to replace them . so he went to the store to buy some more .
i 've always wanted to be able to bike thirty miles at one time . right now i can only bike about twenty miles at once . i got myself a biking trainer who helped me make progress . i worked hard for a few months and ate all the right foods .
my family has always loved camping , me not so much . the summer i was 19 was the last time i camped . first our car broke down and we were stranded in the heat for hours . i burned my hand cooking dinner , fell in the lake and eaten by bugs .
my professor assigned my class an essay . by the time i left the classroom , i had forgotten about it . a few days later , my classmate messaged me to ask if i had done it . i was so upset because i had totally forgotten !
sally believes her boss is trying to fire her . she stays late to make sure her work is correct . sally is still on edge . she decides to set up a meeting with her boss .
we decided we would learn to make candy . we checked out a book on the subject and read up . then , we set to work trying . we realized greatly overestimated how hard it was to make candy .
will was very wild in kindergarten , and did not listen to his teacher . his father was very upset with him . he pointed to the school janitor , and told will that was his future . will did not want to clean up the school bathrooms .
emily was very nervous to get her shots at the doctor 's office . she hid under the table and cried . when the nurse gave her the shot , emily reached out and hit her . both emily and the nurse were surprised and in pain .
my friends and i were playing outside . we wanted to play a new game . we decided to play street hockey since we were n't familiar with it . we went outside and got out gear .
one day , my computer mouse stopped working . i went to the store to buy a new one . every mouse i found was too expensive . i went home and decided to try and fix my mouse .
samantha was driving to class . she noticed that she forgot her textbook at home . she drove back home in order to get it . she arrived in class 25 minutes late .
it was my first time skiing and i was not doing well . i skied directly in the path of another skier . we collided and both fell to the ground . the other skier told me his name was jack and it was nice to meet me .
gabe needed a desk in his room . but he did n't have a lot of money . he found plywood in his garage . so he made a desk out of it .
rick told his friends that he hated camping . they bugged him until he went camping anyway . one night , he awoke to a snake in his tent . he ran screaming from the tent .
jerry wanted to start a new career . he searched the classified ads for job postings . he found a desirable posting in one of the ads . he emailed his resume to the recruiter .
emile wanted to be a great chef . he took lessons and worked hard learning how to cook . he practiced his cooking and served food for friends . his friends loved his cooking and encouraged him .
ella had packed a picnic for her family . but she had forgotten to bring forks ! they had no way to eat their chicken and watermelon . then they all started to laugh and eat with their hands .
emily woke up early to get ready for school last monday . before she got dressed , she checked to see if school was canceled . it had snowed so much that school was cancelled . emily was happy and decided to stay inside and read on her day off .
joline went to the nail salon to get a manicure . the nail technician cleaned and trimmed her nails . joline could not decide what color nail polish she would like . the nail technician suggested a design that used multiple colors .
harry secretly hated haunted houses , but could n't let his friend down . faking a brave face , the went forth into the darkened house . he managed to make it all way through without screaming out loud . at the very end , they fell through a trick floor into a bunch of goo .
bobby wanted to be a wrestler . he took wrestling in high school . then he joined a team in college . soon he was wrestling professionally .
joan decided to treat herself to a fancy sushi dinner . but the food was bad and the waiter was even worse ! she asked for the manager but he never bothered to come . although it was unlike her , joan got so mad she left without paying .
jesse had always wanted to get a tattoo . her parents were very against the idea of tattoos . one her 18th birthday she decided to get one . she got a small tiara tattoo on her shoulder .
juliette wanted to be a scientist when she grew up . she decided she must perform an experiment . she emptied a box of baking soda into a pan . then she poured in vinegar .
jaclyn came over to hang out with robs girlfriend . jaclyn and rob do not get along . rob tried very nice to keep the peace and be nice . jaclyn kept saying very snide comments and remarks
sharon and her sister drove to the grocery store to pick up eggs . they were going to have dinner guests and were baking a cake . on the way into the house sharon tripped and fell . the eggs flew out of her hands and landed on the concrete .
there once was a slave trader . he found god and changed his wicked ways . he wrote a song about his conversion . that song became famous and popular .
ella went out sledding one afternoon . she had fun at first . then she slipped off the sled . she cut her forehead on a rock in the ground .
steph usually ate a large breakfast . but her new job meant she had less time to make food . so steph decided to eat simpler food and smaller portions . and in a month , she lost 10 pounds .
bobby was a star football player at his school . he would always get recognition for his talent . one day he was in a very important game . his arm was hurt in the process .
susan went to the movie theater with her friends . susan used her cell phone in the theater to check her e-mail . an usher came and asked susan to leave the theater . susan had to wait in the lobby while her friends finished the movie .
margie had a christmas cactus . it never bloomed . she gave the plant to desi . desi took good care of the plant .
gina had been at the park with her friend pam for hours . now the sun was setting . she said her goodbyes and headed home . when she arrived it was dark out .
avery was very excited . tonight was his very first basketball game . he had practiced and his parents came to watch him . avery played well with his teammates and even scored some points !
gary loved to garden . spring was quickly approaching and he wanted to start planting . he checked the almanac to see which plants were safe for the garden . tom decided to plant some orchids .
bay was nervous . her boyfriend had been acting weird all through dinner . bay thought he was going to dump her . but then he got on one knee .
tommy was having a bad day . his friends tried to cheer him up by taking him out . he grumbled but went along . he drank and danced with his friends all night .
ariel is our 5 month old baby . she had woke up the other morning extremely fussy . we could n't figure out what was wrong at first . we then seen a fresh tooth popping through her gum line .
amelia decided to take a vacation to mexico . she booked her flight and hotel . when she got to mexico , she was sure to visit many different things . she loved every moment of it .
sometimes my kids wondered if santa claus was real . each year we left cookies and milk for him on christmas eve . each christmas day we found an empty cup and cookie crumbs . one year we found cookie pieces outside in the snow .
amy woke up extra hungry today . unfortunately , she also woke up very late . she rushed around the house and had no time for breakfast . when she made it to work , she realized her coworker brought breakfast !
the school received a grant to make a computer lab . their it department did a lot of research to find the best equipment . they bought the equipment with the grant money . the computer lab was a great success .
i was captain of the tennis team . we were playing our division rivals . i was tied with my opponent . i had advantage of the deuce .
ben is the coach of the basketball team and he held try outs today . he has to cut this one kid because he is not good enough . he feels bad because he knows the kid will be disappointed . he gives the kid advice and things to work on for next season .
officer dunn did n't want to hurt anyone during the protest . he told several people to leave but they did n't . he unleashed his police dog . the dog bit a mother and her baby .
i noticed my hair was getting kind of long . i decided to try and get it cut that afternoon . once i found a suitable barber , i dropped by for a cut . there was n't a line , it was super quick !
i drove my motorcycle across the street . i took a path that led to a riding track . i did a few laps . bored , i drove back home .
ryan was called by his friend to skip work one day . he missed his train to work and instead went to the park . ryan and his friend played with birds at the park all day . at the end of the day , they left the park and saw ryan 's boss .
a man drove for many hours on the highway . he saw a sign for a rest stop two miles away . he put his car in the right lane in anticipation . he took the exit for the rest stop .
josiah was a baby who was trying to crawl for the first time . to help him , his mother put out an exciting toy that jingled . as she made the toy rattle , josiah became very interested . he started groping the ground and inching towards his mom .
i wanted a pet for my birthday . i was n't sure what to get , i already had dogs . i was looking around on facebook and saw a mini pig . i went to pick her up .
sam wanted to be a singer . so he joined a singing class at his college . the first day of class , everyone was required to sing a song . sam was very embarrassed the first day .
growing up , matt was never the most confident guy . he always had a big crush on his neighbor lexy , but was scared . however , when prom was approaching , he decided to finally make a move . matt asked lexi to be his date , and she immediately said yes .
shyanne had a spelling test . she wanted to pass it . she studied hard . she made a 100 .
john wanted pizza , but he was broke . then he remembered he had won a free pizza last week ! he called the pizza place and gave them his code . they sent him his free pizza an hour later .
jill had to attend a dancing class around 8 p.m . he got ready and drove to the meeting place . he was only of the first people to audition . after his performance , the judges were impressed .
we tried to stay up late last night . we drank coffee . we ate chocolate . we even ran laps around the couch .
ally had been saving her spare coins in a jar for years . she wanted a new cell phone but she did n't have enough money . she thought she 'd count the change in her change jar . to her surprise , there was over $ 300 in the jar .
mom asked me to go pick up some things at the grocery store . i decided to take my bicycle to the store instead of walking . i met up with a friend and offered her a ride on my bicycle . as we were riding along , my bicycle broke in half .
in the car the whole family was excited . after 9 hours of driving the were on their grandmother 's block . ahead they could see her house . the house was lit up in spite of the late hour of 4 am .
ana had been putting off doing laundry . finally she could avoid it no longer . she carried all her clothes to the laundromat . over several hours , she washed and dried them .
mark went to the mall . he saw a pair of headphones that he wanted but could n't afford . he decided to steal the headphones . mark was then caught by someone working .
my friends got me a jigsaw puzzle for christmas . i have n't opened it yet . i always keep planning to but something keeps coming up . like right now talking with you .
rex has n't cleaned his room in year 's . since he rarely has visitors , he does n't see the point to cleaning . however , one day he decides to tidy up . rex vacuums the floor and makes his bed .
i was afraid of the exam tomorrow . since the exam is tough , i decided to study all night . i decided to skip dinner just to have extra time . ultimately , i was prepared on the exam day .
my family was on vacation in italy . we wanted a group photograph . we asked a stranger to take it for us . they obliged .
i woke up and looked in my closet for a shirt . everything was dirty and on the floor . i picked up a shirt to see if it smelled bad . i found a blue shirt that did n't stink .
jj played all day long . when evening came , he was tired . he nearly fell asleep in his bath , and his mother said it was bedtime . his mother put him in pajamas , took him to his bed , and sang to him .
the two hunters debated their location within the forest . they did not know if they had reached the right spot . their attention was distracted when a huge buck entered the glade . the men were struck with awe .
todd has a huge test tomorrow . he has not studied at all . it counts for 50 percent of his grade . todd is not sure what to do .
maggie needed a new friend . she was tired of spending time alone . finally she met a friend at book club . the girls spent everyday together .
my roommate got a new job at the place i go to school . we decided to ride to work together . we got in the car and headed out together . the ride seemed much shorter with someone to talk to .
brittany loved playing video games online . however , people harassed her when they fought out her gender . brittany almost quit gaming but found a girl gaming group on facebook . after joining she began playing with the girls she met online .
bobby had never been to a carnival before . his friend sam invited him to go with his family . there was so much to see and do ! bobby 's favorite activity was riding on the ferris wheel .
i was listening to the radio today . a new song came on that i liked . they never said the name of it . i kept listening but it never came up .
al and val were very close twins . they dressed alike , talked alike and were together 24/7 . one day , val was diagnosed with terminal cancer . she soon died , and al was completely devastated .
i 've gotten three speeding tickets in my life . all three of them when i was a teenager . i 'm surprised i did n't loose my license . it costs me a lot of money to get them all off my record .
david has always dreamed of visiting oregon . although he does n't have much money , he starts saving a little . finally david has enough money for his big trip to oregon . on his trip , he eats local food and sees amazing sights .
the high school student went to the dentist . she was told she needed braces again . she was not happy . she got braces and was in a lot of pain .
jayne visited alden , new york . her uncle owned a farm there . she helped care for the animals . then she helped harvest the veggies from the garden .
seth has worked at the air conditioning factory for six year 's . one day his supervisor calls a meeting for the entire department . seth 's supervisor announces that the factory has to shut down . seth realizes in terror that he needs to find new work .
amy was driving to school when her car stopped . she called her dad . he came and informed her the fuel pump was out . they called a tow truck to tow the car home .
rod smoked his entire life . one night he fell asleep while watching television . his cigarette was still lit and fell on the floor . it caught his apartment on fire .
barry was excited that he finally registered to vote . he went to the polling place near his home . while walking into the building he noticed all of the campaign signs . he already knew how he would cast his votes .
johnny was driving one day when he felt a strange bumpiness . he pulled over and saw that his tire was flat ! he inspected it closer and saw he had run over a nail . johnny had to put on the donut and drive to a repair shop .
amy wanted more space in her home . she decided to look for a new apartment . amy found a new apartment for the right price near her job . amy visited the apartment to see it in person .
my brothers and i were sharing a pizza . there was only one slice left . we all wanted it . before anybody could say anything i licked it .
may was a shelter cat the pet store took in for adoption day . cathy and her family visited the pet store on adoption day . cathy fell in love with may as soon as she saw her . after applying to adopt may and being approved , cathy adopted may .
monica was an eight year old girl who loved to knit scarves . one day monica was invited to a birthday . monica did not have any money to buy her friend a gift . monica decided to knit her a scarf .
the suspect saw that the cell door was unlocked . he pushed on it and it opened . no one was watching him so he made an escape . he calmly walked out of the front of the police station .
a girl falls in love with a boy and he liked her too . she finds out that their parents do n't get along . the boy and the girl love each other so much . but , they do n't want to hurt their parents feelings so they stay away
one day , the president of the united states visited my hometown . i waited in line for hours to get to see him . i stood in front of the podium while he gave a stirring speech . as he left , he shook my hand !
jake 's dad took him to his first football game . they got there early and had really good seats . they ate hot dogs and drank soda as well ! jake even saw his favorite player during the game !
i wanted to do something fun . i looked for something cheap to do . i decided i would go swimming . i found a local lake beach to visit .
amy was unsatisfied with her paper . instead of turning it in , she skipped class . she went to a coffee shop to rewrite . she produced a paper she was proud of .
steve was an accomplished carpenter . he had a plan to surprise his wife with a new piece . she had been wanting a new desk , so that 's what he decided to make . he cut all the lumber , assembled the desk , and stained it .
i do n't believe in luck . but my girlfriend 's dad broke a mirror yesterday . not even five second later he slammed his hand in the car door . then on his way to the hospital he hits a deer .
jon felt like a bad dad . he worked so late , he often missed his kids when he came home . on the weekends , he was tired and grumpy . one saturday , his son sat down on the couch and leaned on jon 's arm .
ben walked along the street and found the end of a length of string . he picked it up and pulled on it . more string came but not the end . ben followed the string to see where it went .
juan wanted to be a luchador . he grew up watching them on television . he practiced every day in the basement . eventually he got added to small shows .
on sunday , tori found out she was pregnant ! she immediately called her husband to share the good news . tori 's husband was just as excited . the two discussed baby names for nearly half an hour .
sara works next door to a bakery . she is on a diet so she can never go there . one day she notices the bakery has closed down . the next week a healthy organic juice shop opens .
rufus has just enrolled in a new school and he has no friends there . at first he feels apprehensive and worried he wo n't meet anyone . however , a nice guy named ralph introduces himself to rufus one day . they realize that they are in the same chemistry class .
tom wanted a chemistry set for christmas . his mom said it was too dangerous for a little boy . tom asked for a puppy instead , and his mom suddenly changed her mind . tom did n't understand why , but he did n't care .
early every morning the hummingbirds visit my porch . today as i watched them they seemed agitated . one particular bird was acting very territorial . suddenly a big black bird swooped in from out of nowhere .
io was appearing in a school play . her costume required a hoop skirt . io could n't find hoops anywhere ! her mom decided to craft the hoops herself at home .
i was at my first day of work . my manager was wearing a beatles t shirt . we both talked about our love for the beatles . we became good friends .
tyler went to a baseball game . he saw his favorite team ! his team played hard . his team won !
flora 's tooth started to hurt . she hated the dentist , so she tried to ignore it . the pain got worse and worse . finally , flora had to call for a dentist appointment .
derek likes to read . he read all of the books in his house . he needed more to read but did n't have money . derek got a library card !
i went to a bar with some friends of mine . i was broke , but thought i could keep them company . it turns out that they were all broke as well . none of us bought anything , and we talked for hours .
i was at the laundromat last sunday . there was a cute girl doing her laundry there too . i went up and started making small talk . she smiled but did n't seem interested .
pat woke up with the urge to play hooky from work . so he called in that morning using a fake sick voice . not even an hour after calling in he gets a text . it tells him work is cancelled because it 's snowing .
greg was riding his bike to the store . an arm emerged from an alleyway as greg passed . greg fell from the bike as he was pushed to the ground . he watched from the sidewalk as a man rode away with his bike .
johnson has never liked being outdoors very much . his girlfriend teases him that he could never go on a camping trip . johnson decides to prove her wrong . he packs up a tent and goes camping for a long weekend .
jim lost his wallet that had all of his money it . he would have no more money for food for his family until next month . meanwhile , pete found a wallet lying in the bank parking lot . it contained hundreds of dollars and pete really wanted a new tv .
sally had an older sister who was good at everything . one day she told her sister mary she felt insecure . mary laughed her off and told her that she had many strengths too . sally looked at herself in a different way .
i had to take my son to the emergency room this summer . he was playing football with some friends and got hit in the head . he split his eyebrow open and we worried he had fractured his face . thankfully , there was no fracture .
little lorelei is eight months old and teething . her mother has tried everything to sooth her . she has tried cool teething rings , medicines , and gentle soothing tea . in a last effort she gives her a teething biscuit .
i was at the park the other day . i walked near the lake and saw some ducks . i decided to throw them some bread . they chased after me in an angry fashion .
graham wanted to get a selfie stick . he did n't have many friends but loved taking pictures . he finally took the plunge and bought one . he used it a few times and then forgot about it .
lewis knew the cave like the back of his hand . five first-time cavers walked behind him . suddenly , a few bats flew down from the darkness above . all the people but lewis ran back towards the cave 's entrance .
sean and sara were going to buy a guitar . sean picked sara up and they drove to the store . inside , they played with several different guitars . sara picked her favorite and they brought it to the counter .
chris was not looking forward to going to school on friday . there was a difficult test coming that he was not ready for . when he went to bed on thursday he was worried . when he woke up friday morning almost a foot of snow had fallen !
martha was a terrible cook and her boyfriend knew it . he introduced her to cooking shows and watched them with her . she would practice things she learned on the shows . as the days went by her cooking began to slowly get better .
there was a stray cat who loved my cat . he came by to see her everyday . i eventually took him in and let him inside , and named him tokyo . he got very sick , out of nowhere .
an office downtown had a red carpet . the office staff complained it was always dirty . but none of their vacuums could properly clean it . so they hired a professional carpet cleaner .
lexi wanted to be healthy . but she wanted hot cocoa . so she decided not to add any sugar . the hot cocoa tasted boring .
anna wanted chicken wings . she drove her car all the way to buffalo . there , she found an authentic wing restaurant . she ordered herself a dozen hot wings .
my brother kept fighting me for the remote last week . finally we decided to divide its use . we would each get to have it one day . my brother then got into a fight who should have it the first day .
ivy was flying in a small sightseeing plane . suddenly the pilot made an announcement . the plane had a rudder problem and was going down ! ivy quickly braced in the crash position .
joey was a second grader that like to color in coloring books . he had worn down most of his crayons so he only had brown and black . his parents thought that joey was an artist because of his odd colors . they hung his work on the fridge for everyone to admire .
john had a huge client presentation tomorrow , but he felt unprepared . it 's not that he was nervous presenting . john had always felt comfortable in front of crowds . this content , however , lacked polish and needed refinement .
fred decided to play the lottery . he loved playing but never won . yesterday he bought two tickets , when he went home he found out great news .
gina was using a restroom at a gas station . she went to wash her hands , but there was no soap . she looked in the cabinet under the sink hoping to find some . there was no soap there either .
when it was time to eat , mother rang the bell . dad and bill knew that sound when they heard it . they dropped their yard work , carefully , and washed their hands . mother was happy when they finally arrived in the house .
emmy 's dad took her to chose a kitten . there were two together in a cage . she could n't split them up ! it made her sad to have to chose .
jill went to college . jill studied really hard . jill passed all her tests . jill got her diploma .
jerry had always wanted to learn how to play guitar . he was worried that he was too old to learn something new . however , he decided to enroll in weekly guitar classes . finally he became a reasonably good guitar player .
kyle collected many things . he had an extensive collection of action figures . every day , he went looking for new figures for his collection . he managed to add a new figure once a month or so .
francine noticed that all of her friends wore high heeled shoes . although she loved how heels looked , she hated how they felt . one day she decided to wear a pair of flats to meet her friends . all of her friends complimented how great they looked .
when i was young i loved hide and sneak . i would play it even when others did n't know . i would just hide and jump out at people . i did this all the time in elementary school .
rachel was looking at her daily mail . she found a letter written in a foreign language . rachel showed the letter to her friends . no one could read or understand the letter .
deb got fired from her job due to cutbacks . she was very upset and went home to sulk . her husband told her everything would be alright , but deb was n't sure . the next day , deb 's husband set her up with a interview at his job .
bethany was self-conscious about her arm hair . she tried shaving it off . it grew back within a few weeks . she got a laser hair removal treatment .
gina 's parents were driving to illinois . gina sat in the back seat squished by her siblings . to make matters worse it was rush hour . traffic was creeping along slowly .
one summer my sister and i set up a lemonade stand . it was the first month at a new house and we did n't know anyone . few people walked by and even fewer stopped . the old pastor walked over from next door .
bob moved from a small town to a large city . he was concerned he would always get lost . the first day he got lost trying to get home from work . then bob bought a navigation system to help him learn his way around .
kelly was reading about hybrid animals online . and she saw pictures of ligers . she was impressed by their size and strength . but she wondered if they could live in the wild .
jorie went with her family to visit anne frank 's home in amsterdam . she read the book beforehand . she thought the home was quite small . her mother cried while watching through the museum .
clara went home from work one day . then she realized she had locked herself out ! her keys were left on the kitchen table that morning . she had to call her mom for help .
the other day i was cleaning up a bit around the apartment . i decided to get rid of all the clutter and papers on the table . underneath all of them was an older letter from my girlfriend . it said she wanted to break up with me .
ben was married to his high school sweetheart . they were married for many year 's . ben realized one day that he was unhappy in his marriage . he decided to have an affair .
one man bet another that he could outstare a duck . a duck was found and stared at . although the duck was unaware of what was happening , it did not blink . it did , however , wet its eyes with its nictitating membrane .
shay went to the marine park . there she saw a sign advertising dolphin swims . shay eagerly handed over her $ 40 and suited up . then she jumped in the pool to swim with the dolphins .
lia went to england . she took a bus tour . the tour stopped at stonehenge . lia got out of the bus to look .
i was drinking a glass of juice . my cup spilled on the counter . i looked for something to clean the spill . i found a pack of paper towels .
arthur and his friends were hanging out . they were drinking beers and talking . all of a sudden the beer ran out . arthur did n't want to take the last one .
hester has always loved how her hair looks straight . one day she is invited to attend an art gallery opening . she decides to straighten her hair for the event . her friends all compliment her on how good it looks .
jill wanted to buy a new car . jill drove her old car down to the car dealership . the salesman traded jill 's old car for a new car . after paying the salesman as well , jill got her new car .
jaden was quite forgetful . he had not noticed that it was already valentine 's day . feeling rushed , he went out and got some flowers and chocolate . jaden 's girlfriend came home and found the treats .
john got a bike for his birthday . he did n't know how to ride . he practiced all week long . at the end of the week he took off his training wheels .
quentin had never been on a boat in his life . one summer a friend invited quentin to his lake house . when they were there , quentin and his friend went sailing . it was an exhilarating experience .
a man ordered pancakes in a diner from the server . she brought him a plate of pancakes minutes later . the man complained that the pancakes were too thick . the server brought them back to the cook .
my children wanted to get a pet . as a family we decided that this was a great idea . we went to our local animal shelter to find our new furry friend . upon arriving we met a black lab who we all automatically loved .
my garden flowers are dying . they are wilting and dry from the sun . my friend came by to help evaluate what is wrong with my plants . she discovered they needed more water .
jill was playing video games with her sister . jill was angry that she was losing every game . jill took her game controller and threw it at the tv . the tv screen cracked right down the center .
i started to binge-watch `` buffy the vampire slayer '' . after a few hours , i felt like running . unfortunately , it was dark outside . i stood in the doorway for a while .
at 12 year 's old , drew decided to be a criminal . he made up his mind to kick in doors and rob houses . he practiced kicking in the doors of closets to build his strength . his mother came home and saw all the closet doors broken .
for a long time , every time i made hardboiled eggs , they came out bad . i looked all over the internet for a solution to my problem . a website suggested i bake my eggs instead of boil them . i did just as it asked .
a boy saw a quarter lying on the sidewalk . he bent down and picked it up . as he did so , a spitball flew where his head had been . looking around , he saw his archenemy holding a straw .
hector notices that only one ear of his headphones work . he wants to get a new pair so he can listen to music . finally he finds a good pair of headphones that he can afford . he buys them and immediately starts listening to music .
tom wanted to go to a new york giants game . however , the tickets were too expensive . finally , he found tickets that were in his price range . he ended up sitting in the upper deck .
trip loved watermelon . he would eat at least one a day . his mom always told him he would grow a tree swallowing seeds . he always swallowed them anyways .
angie , an mturk worker , saw herself as diligent . one day one of her favorite requesters rejected her work . angie was very surprised and emailed them . they responded that her work had n't been good enough .
donovan asked trina to go dancing with him . trina liked donovan so she said yes but she was really worried . after school she ran home to ask her dad for help . when her dad came home she explained the situation and dad smiled .
andy had always wanted a big kids bike . when he turned six year 's old he asked for a bike for his birthday . he did not know how to ride a bike . on andy 's birthday his mother gave him a bike .
suzy went to the ice cream store . she ordered a vanilla milkshake . when she tried to pay the man for her milkshake , he smiled at her . he told her that she won a special contest .
ned and his friends went to the fair . he used the last of his money to buy a fluffy cotton candy . as he was walking away , he saw a little boy crying . he had dropped his cotton candy into a puddle .
sebastian noticed it was sunny and warm out . he had chores to do . he did n't feel like doing his chores . sebastian decided that being outdoors was better .
rashid was an excellent car driver . one day rashid 's brother was late for work . rashid offered to drive his brother . they got there with time to spare .
ali went to a fast food place and paid with her credit card . the cashier took a very long time bringing her card back . a few days later , ali found unusual transactions on her card . she called her bank , who reversed the charges .
i was looking for a nice painting for my living room . hence yesterday i went out looking . i finally found a beautiful one i loved . the painting was of a waterfall .
i was wanting to get a promotion . i decided to try to get promoted . all year , i worked very hard . my boss took notice and called me into his office one day .
maggie and her parents were moving to a new town . maggie was nervous because she did n't know anyone . as soon as she moved in , she went around introducing herself . she ended up making some friends .
dan was walking home from school and saw the window display . there was a train set in the window of the store . dan wished so badly that he could own this train set . when dan got home his mother told him she had a surprise .
gina wanted to steal her mother 's house key . she waited until her mother was taking a nap . she took her mom 's purse to the bathroom . she removed the key from the chain quietly .
there was a man from kentucky . he loved a girl who lived in louisiana . he decided he needed to move . he moved to be with his love .
tim was failing math class . he knew if he did n't pass he would have to go to summer school . he studied hard and asked for extra credit . on the last day of school he found out he passed !
mary-anne was feeling lonely and decided to adopt a cat . she went to her local humane society to start the process . while she was looking , one of the cats meowed at her . mary-anne pet the cat , and it was love at first sight .
i took gymnastics as a child . i was learning the balance beam and doing moves on it . as i did a round off flipping off the beam , i landed wrong . i broke my ankle and was in so much pain !
there were six puppies running around my foyer . it was going to be hard to choose the one we wanted to buy . each of my daughters picked out a different pup . the owner said we could get a discount on two dogs .
johnny wanted a change from his big city life in boston . he decided he would be happier in america 's heartland . finally the day had arrived , johnny moved to idaho . he had escaped the big city life .
joan hated going home for christmas . she knew that her mother would hound her about her love life . this year on her way home she was in a car accident . her mother raced to her side to care for her needs .
i spend all of my time working on my writing . as a result i have begun to feel quite lonely . i 've decided to join an online dating community . as i join , i realize that i do n't particularly like other people .
my daughter was a girl scout in elementary school . one day she went on an overnight field trip . my wife went as a chaperone . everyone stayed in a cabin in new hampshire for a weekend .
today was the club opening of a new club around the corner . i could n't wait to attend . as we got in the club it was beautiful . we ordered delicious food and danced .
yesterday i was carrying a new glass into the kitchen . to my surprise i dropped it . the glass shattered . i had to pick it up .
bill 's family lived on a hill . it never rained or stormed there . one day a tornado was going through the area . bill 's house got hit , and the roof ripped off .
allison decided she wanted to learn more about her area 's history . she went down to the library to check out a book on it . she went inside and could n't understand how the books were sorted . she found a librarian who explained the dewey decimal system .
sebastian wanted to play football on his friends team . he talked to his friend and found out he needed to go to practice . he practiced catching the football at home all week . he went to the next practice and scored a touchdown .
once there was a mother who was desperate for her baby to sleep . she walked him around but still he did not sleep . she fed him but still he did not sleep . finally , she remembered the lullaby her mother had sung to her .
johnny used to pee in swimming pools as a kid . he thought he could do it as an adult . he took his kids to a water park . next he peed in the wading pool .
amy watched the other kids play and stared at her inhaler . because of asthma she could n't play sports . she felt her art teacher 's hand on her shoulder . her teacher smiled and told amy she would be a great artist one day .
joe and his friends had their soccer game today . joe was nervous . he was nervous if he would win or not . finally after the game , joe 's team won .
mark had a big interview for a new job . he prepared himself for the questions they may ask . the interviewer seemed to be impressed with mark 's answers . the interviewer informed mark he had the job .
elaine did not feel like cooking tonight . therefore , elaine decided that she would go out to eat . however , elaine did not know where she wanted to eat . elaine deliberated on where she should go for almost an hour .
sam was trying to get into the college of his dream . he spent a long time filling out the application . it made him feel good about his academic achievements . he submitted the application .
matt decided to go bar hopping with his two friends one night . they drank 3 shots in one bar . they went to 4 more , drinking 3 shots in each . matt ended up getting too drunk and lost his phone .
bindu planned a party with her friends . they met at her house to discuss what food and band to use . one of bindu 's friends brought samosas and doogh . four friends played music at the party .
tyler wakes up and needs to shower before school . his little brother is using the shower . tyler is worried he will miss the bus . finally it is tyler 's turn to shower .
thomas had been feeling under the radar lately . he went to his doctor to get a checkup . his doctor told him that his cholesterol levels were a little bit high . thomas started eating healthier and going on walks .
the doorbell rang but no one was there . she was unsure as to whether she should open the door or not . slowly she creaked open the door and peered outside . her brother leaped out at her and gave her a good scare .
stephanie wanted to make applesauce . she decided to drive to the farm market to pick some delicious apples . as she was walking through the orchard she tripped and fell . she broke both of her wrists .
roy could n't figure out why his apartment smelled so bad . his friends commented on it when they went over . everyone decided to look for the source . it turned out to be an old fish in the refrigerator .
jimmy grew up very poor . however , his parents always did his best to provide for him . when he got into a good college , they worked two jobs to afford it . when he graduated , he wanted to show his appreciation .
jill was surprised when a handsome boy asked her to the college dance . as her roommates got ready , jill fussed about her hair . jill 's roommates said they could help . jill finished dressing into her toga-like white gown .
a bar owner put out a large banner to advertise his bar . the wind was strong and blew the banner away . the owner chased his banned across town . it landed in the backyard of an old woman .
my mother has a recipe for pumpkin bars that i like quite a lot . she once made them for me because i was having a bad day . i ate the pumpkin bars and i felt much better . the bars reminded me that my mother cares about me .
tim decided to spend more time with his granddad . his grandpa loved birdwatching , so tim watched with him . they marked their sightings in a notebook . soon tim was really interested !
danny was working at the local ice cream shop this summer . he was very excited to have started his first job . on his first day a little boy dropped his ice cream on the floor . without hesitation , danny knew just what to do .
the school bell rang when the clock struck 2 . gina was never more happy for a day to end . she grabbed her things and waited at the door for tami . but tami was leaving with rita and mary .
laurence and his family decided to move . first they packed up their furniture . they then packed up everything else . all their belongings were moved into the van .
joy wanted to find the perfect shell for her hermit crab . she could buy one , but it would be more special if she found it . she scoured the beach all morning . everything that might work was broken !
westin was getting married ! he wanted his wedding to go perfectly . everything went well until the evening . someone got very intoxicated and fell into the cake !
joe was helping his dad clear the woods in the back of their yard . all of a sudden he heard loud buzzing . he had stirred up a bee 's nest . he got stung six times before he could escape .
it was autumn . todd 's yard was full of leaves . he decided he needed to rake them all up . once he was done , he put them all in a bag .
tim had dreams of becoming a great bodybuilder . he worked out every night to try to reach his goal . his hard work paid off and he earned a spot in a popular contest . he showed his skills , lifting more than 250 lbs .
henry was walking to his class . at the same time , he was trying to clean his phone screen with a cloth . unfortunately , someone bumped into him . his phone fell out of his hand and landed on the ground .
tami decided to attend volleyball tryouts . she was only in the 8th grade , but she knew she was good . she played hard and gave it her all . she had n't anticipated the other players would be as good as her .
bob and jim were playing ball in the house one day . they knocked over the vase and it broke into many pieces . they were afraid their mom would get angry at them . they found some glue , and carefully glued the vase back together .
steve was very sad . steve 's girlfriend broke up with him . he decided to write a song to her . he poured his heart into the song .
gloria wanted to buy flowers for her husband . gloria was shocked at the price of even just half a dozen lilies . gloria decided to pick some of her own flowers from the garden . she got together some daffodils and chrysanthemums .
josh played basketball every day . his goal was to be able to make any basket on the court . one day , someone challenged him to a contest . whoever makes the most shots would be the winner !
lauren has always wanted to wear skinny jeans to parties . however , she needs to lose weight so the skinny jeans will look good . lauren begins a challenging exercise regimen . finally she has lost enough weight to wear skinny jeans .
i went to hawaii in high school . our entire band class was going . it took 9 hours to fly there . it was a tropical paradise .
sonny lived in texas , and it was a hot summer . he was so sick of the heat . he decided to find a way to cool off . at first , he could n't think of anything .
chad was an incredible singer . he was just too afraid to sing . he wanted to join a church choir but thought his friends would laugh . due to him being so embarrassed by his skill and passion .
ronald had two kids , a boy and a girl . that was more than enough . he really did n't want two to be honest . one day his wife told him baby three was on the way .
i was taking a hike last wednesday . while walking i stumbled across something that scared me . their in front me was a 4 foot snake with beady eyes . i screamed and ran all the way back to the main road .
mary liked to drink coffee every morning . today she was in a hurry . she went to a drive through coffee place . she noticed the coffee was the wrong order after she drove away .
bill had just moved to a big city for work . he felt lonely because he did not know anybody in the town . after work one day bill decided to join some coworkers for drinks . he had a lot of fun hanging out with them .
billy wanted to become a doctor . he went to college to become a doctor . after he graduated with his degree , he changed his mind . billy became a nurse instead of a doctor .
quinton was getting evicted from his apartment . he was broke with no income . one day , he decided to spend his last dollar on the lotto . to his disbelief , he won $ 50,000 !
after igor woke up he began to get ready for work . he turned on the shower and waited for it to get hot . the water remained cold . he debated between taking a cold shower and not showering .
tara preferred big band music to all alternatives . she loved all the horns and other brass instruments involved . she tried to find fellow big band lovers . her attempts were futile .
i traveled to washington dc to visit my boyfriend . we went many places around town . but one place i wanted to go was the white house . he took me to the white house , and i was so happy .
my son bought a drum set for his one year old niece last fall . the set had drumsticks , a cymbal , and a seat . his niece lives in nyc . she saw it when she visited , and was thrilled .
maggie had her first piano recital tonight . she was very nervous . when she got on stage she was shaking . thankfully she ended up playing perfectly .
ed liked movie night with the family . they would get treats and drinks and huddle around the tv . they were watching aladdin tonight . but ed fell asleep before it ended .
i decided i wanted to sign up for a christmas club with my bank . i called the teller and asked when i could do this . she told me i could come in at any time . i went in this morning and signed up for the plan .
mac had a vegan friend coming for dinner . he groaned , knowing he could n't make steak or hamburgers . then he remembered an alfredo sauce recipe made with cashews . to his surprise , the sauce came out creamy and delicious .
ryan used to work for mall security . he often worked the night shift . one day , he saw a raccoon in the mall . he stared at it for hours until it left .
johnny 's teacher treated the class to homemade snow cones . the teacher let each student pick a colored syrup topping . when his turn came , johnny got mad when he saw only one color left . johnny 's teacher asked what was wrong .
tim had to choose between three girls to date . he liked all three of them but he needed to make a decision . he talked to all three of them to see who liked him more . he eventually went with the girl who wanted to see him more .
jill convinced her boyfriend joe to go look for geocache with her . he did n't think it sounded like fun but decided to humor her . they searched the location where the geocache was supposed to be . after over an hour of searching they were unable to find it .
brigid and her friend ella both took piano lessons . ella 's father bought her an expensive grand piano by a renowned maker . brigid 's father could only afford to buy her a used upright piano . but ella was a foolish and insensitive girl who never practiced .
dave wanted buy a gun . he went to the gun store and asked many questions . he looked at big guns and little guns . he decided he wanted to buy a big shotgun .
rose took a train to long island . there , she went to the very tip of the island . she went to the beach at montauk point . it was cold and windswept .
drew was using a typewriter for a special project . he tried to be careful since he could n't erase his words . however , he ended up falling asleep . his head landed on the keys and several letters were typed .
sarah always had a fascination with the night sky . noticing her passion , sarah 's father bought her a new telescope . she was ecstatic . she went outside every night to diligently view the night sky .
kristen was tired of her room . she need to move it around for a change . she had n't moved it in over four year 's . after moving everything she saw a huge stain where her bed covered .
my sister moved in with me when she was 35 . she 'd been living with a wife beater in a rundown trailer park . the man tracked her down to my house one cold , dark night . he broke into my house while we were sleeping .
my parents fell out of love . i 'm not sure when it happened but it seems to have been mutual . they decided to end things amicably . although i 'm hurt by this i 'm glad they chose what makes them happy .
anna was going to have a baby sibling . her mom went into the hospital and anna was hopeful . she really wanted a little sister , but not a brother ! when her mom returned home with the baby , anna was overjoyed .
monica decided to play truth or dare with her friends . they were all afraid to confess anything and only picked dare . the dares got progressively more elaborate as the day wore on . monica dared a friend to shoplift doritos and the friend did it .
ray went to a friend 's house for a sleepover . he realized that he 'd forgotten his toothbrush . he was unable to brush his teeth ! ray tried to use toothpaste on his finger , but it was no use .
ellie had a lot of homework to do . she started with her math homework . after she had finished that , she wrote a book report . the last assignment was a study guide , which took her ten minutes .
don loved comic books . he consistently collected issues of his favorite stories . as he grew older his love for comics grew . he decided that he wanted to start his own comic book company .
arnold was scared of bats . he thought that if they bite him he would turn into a vampire . one day he saw a bat in his bathroom . he freaked out so much he screamed .
annabelle loves to sing . she sings in her school choir . mary noticed annabelle 's great singing voice . mary asked annabelle to be in her band .
uki was traveling in africa . one night , he was bit by a black mamba . uki screamed in pain ! he was rushed to the local hospital .
sean was homeless . he begged for money on the streets . for one week , no one gave him money . he was starving .
two hobos agreed to make dinner together . each set out to find ingredients . the first returned with a worn boot . the second returned with a gross of wing nuts .
judy and bill were preparing to have dinner with their parents . judy makes a roast with potatoes and rolls with gravy . bill sets the table and puts on some background music . the doorbell rings , it is their parents .
sal hurt his leg when his wife accidentally tripped him . she felt so bad that she waited on him hand and foot . she bought him food and gave him messages . sal liked all the attention .
rebecca met jake when they were both six year 's old . they became best friends and grew up together . when they were 13 year 's old , jakels family moved away . he promised rebecca he would come back for her .
one weekend we wanted to see a movie with the kids . there were two movies they wanted to see . so we decided to divide and conquer . two kids and myself went to one and my husband and our son another .
amy 's sister took her to the beach to surf on her vacation . amy hurriedly suited up in her wetsuit . the instructor was patient when amy could n't get the hang of it . finally it was time for amy to try on her own .
kay built himself a raft . he used planks of scrap wood , and nails . he worked hard on it all spring . come summer , he tested it out in the lake .
max was a very bright boy . but he would become lost in his own vivid imagination . no matter how hard he tried , he found himself daydreaming . max did not do very well in school .
gina was at a funeral for her grandpa . gina watched as friends made remarks , and told stories about him . the stories were funny and interesting . gina got a chance to see her grandpa in a different light .
ashley has felt sick all day today . she feels like she is going to throw up . she asks her boss if she can go home for the day . her boss lets her leave work .
marley sleeps horribly every night . she decides that she needs to get a new bed . she went to the closest store but could n't find a bed she liked . she told her mom about her sleeping problems .
joe is an aspiring journalist . but he 's been feeling pretty frustrated by the news media . he considered going back to school , but decided against it . finally , he landed a well-paying job .
lizzy lives on an island in the tropics . everyday they go to the banana plantation and get some . today lizzy wanted to pick her own bananas . she climbed the tall tree and realized how big the bunches were .
in 1997 i rode on an old bus . a local group rented a 1957 transit bus , painted in old colors . i rode on the bus as it went all over suburban boston . i took plenty of photos .
bryan wondered why his arms itched . he scratched his arms until they left scars because it was so bad . he finally went to the doctor and he found out he had poison ivy . the doctor gave him ointment and some antibiotics .
tony and mark were fierce rivals on the basketball court . everyday after school they would meet at the local blacktop to play . they would always play one on one . they were always so evenly matched .
becky and her friends decided to make some candy bars . the got all the ingredients together and got to it . the girls had a ton of fun . when the candy cooled they put them in bags .
robin went to the gym . she worked out for 2 hours . while at the gym she did arms and abs . she was determined to get in shape .
rachelle worked hard to buy her first home . she was very proud of her accomplishment . unfortunately , she lost her job and eventually , her home . she decided to stay in a hotel and find a new job .
wendy took her daughter to the orchard with her . they picked a huge bunch of apples and brought them home . together , they peeled and cleaned the apples . wendy and daughter baked them into a delicious pie .
bill saved all his pocket change for 2 weeks last month . it was for a sucker from the store . he brought all his chance and bought the sucker . walking home he tripped and fell .
neil was visiting romania . he had just arrived and was excited to see transylvania . when he got there , he saw gorgeous old castles . he also found friendly locals .
marc loved video games . his favorite video game series was releasing a new game . he worked very hard and saved up all his money . finally , he was able to purchase the game .
last week a stunt double tried a new stunt . it involved a big car crash . something went wrong and one of the safety harnesses snapped . the stunt man was ejected from his seat .
pamela was so excited to finally have a boyfriend , ralph . ralph never listened to what she said . he rarely showed up on time . he flirted too much with other girls .
helen wanted to go to space . she decided to become an astronaut . she studied very hard . she passed all the tests !
i moved into a new apartment last week . i had a lot of stuff to move . it took me over 8 hours to get all of the stuff into my apartment . then i had to get everything organized .
hailey liked to play with her friends . she had a playdate every week . one day hailey 's mom got in an argument with one of the other moms . hailey was told they were never going back .
maybelle 's breath always smelled like peppermints . her house did as well , or at least that 's what he remembers . to this day he keeps peppermints in his cupboards . they remind him of his grandma and what she meant to him .
jake went on a ski trip in the mountains with his friends . jake was n't very good at skiing but went anyways . one day , they were all going down a challenging slope . the other boys were fine but jake fell and broke his leg !
valerie decided she wanted to learn german . she signed up for a class to teach her . when she was n't in class , she studied very hard . soon , she decided to practice speaking german with a german friend .
clara went to the mall . she meet her friend sally . they had lunch at the mall . they shopped the rest of the day .
tim just got a new phone . he had dropped it a few time hours within getting it . he decided he needed a case to protect his phone . he went to the local store and purchased a waterproof phone case .
gina 's family pulled into a rest stop off the highway . gina got out and stretched her legs . at the stop there was a gas station and a burger king . gina normally did n't like burger king 's fries .
i got a call late one night . thinking it was one of my friends i answered . the woman who was on the other line was unfamiliar to me . i asked who it was and why they were calling .
nelly the cashier was having a bad day at the store . she kept making small mistakes and people were getting mad . even her last customer was mad and it was n't even her fault . as soon as it was time for her break she dashed outside .
alec 's daughter wanted more blocks to play with . alec figured that blocks would develop her scientific mind . alec bought blocks with letters on them . alec 's daughter made words with them rather than structures .
i decided to murder my neighbor . i crept into his house in the middle of the night . i killed him while he slept . i was caught by the police .
tim bought a record player at a thrift shop . he did n't have any records to play on it . he asked his parents if they had any . they gave him their entire record collection from their youth .
amy wanted to get healthy . she purchased a smoothie blender . she made delicious fruit and vegetable smoothies . it took 20 minutes to clean the blender .
tina auditioned for her high school dancing team . after she danced , the instructor wanted to talk to her . he said that her skills are n't good enough to make the team . she immediately left the auditioning room .
sally was on her work break . she went to get tacos from the taco stand outside . she realized she had forgotten her wallet at home . a nice man noticed what happened and offered to pay .
amy was getting a minor raise from her job . although it was n't a lot of money she was expecting it . her boss informed her it would be on her next check . when she received the check there was no raise .
jennifer wanted to join the school band . she began taking lessons for playing the cello . she made progress , but not quickly . she did n't feel ready to try out for the band .
fred went to the beach with his friends . he loved the water and the sunshine . his friends threw a party on the beach after the sun went down . fred got drunk and passed out on the sand .
ronnie was riding his bike to work the other day . all of a sudden he hit a rock and fell . he was n't hurt but his outfit was ruined . he kept going to work anyway .
burke does n't have many friends . he always walks around with a scowl on his face . one day , a stranger tells him that he should smile more . burke decides to try smiling .
matt was driving home one night . he was n't paying attention . he struck and injured a jogger who crossed the road . matt was horrified and stopped to check on her .
brian was excited for the talent show . he had been doing extra practice on his drums . to express his individuality he wore a skirt on stage . when he finished his act he got a standing ovation .
halloween was on its way . i decided to decorate my house . i went to the store and bought decorations . i went home and gathered the new items .
i recently got a promotion at work . i have been with the company for nearly eight years . i have worked very hard to earn this promotion . i was so happy when my boss offered me the new position !
tia wanted to make something to sell at the craft fair . she decided to make homemade soap . she made glycerin soap in a big pot on her kitchen stove . then she pressed flower blossoms into the centers of her bars .
one day , police were investigating a crime scene . they were stuck on where to go next . they got a tip to check behind the library . there they found some key evidence .
pat has a math test coming up . he studies very hard for a week . pat makes flashcards to read on the bus . pat aces his test .
marsha had just moved in with her husband . she had never cooked a meal before , and that was her job tonight . she had envisioned herself cooking a fantastic meal . unfortunately , she burnt the chicken and overcooked the rice .
solomon did n't like his first name . he thought that it was too old-fashioned . at a job interview , the interviewer praised his name . solomon suspected that his being hired was related to his unique name .
kelly got a new bracelet yesterday . she was in love with it . yet today when she went shopping , she ended up losing it . she searched everywhere for it .
my spouse is a huge star wars fan and loves it . i needed a gift idea for him for a christmas gift . i decided to buy him tickets to star wars . he loved his gift from me on christmas morning .
ben was tired at the end of the day . the customer asked for spaghetti . ben was too lazy to wash a dish and but the food on a dirty one . a week later , the restaurant got sued by the customer .
yesterday stacey was driving to work . unfortunately a large suv slammed into her . luckily she was alright . however her car was destroyed .
karen and diane had been best friends since childhood . now high school seniors , they 've started thinking about college . they both applied to cornell and planned to room together . karen was accepted but diane was not , which was hard for both of them .
regrettably , our kitty passed away two weeks ago . she was a young cat , and we did n't know why she died . we found her on the floor when we woke up in the morning . my husband buried her in the backyard .
reilly loved going to the fair . the petting zoo was her favorite part . she had fed a small goat before feeding the cow . the goat was trying to get more food from her but she ignored it .
my sister in law sally contacted the family last month . sally is estranged from the family . she ran away to get married and did not keep in contact . her husband is now in a hospice .
laura decided to fly all the way to new york city . she flew specifically to get her hair done . she wanted her hair cut by a celebrity stylist . when laura got it done she loved it .
neil had just arrived in bulgaria . his train took him to the center of sofia . he was amazed at the busy capital city . it was so beautiful and busy !
a man was running down a path in a state park . he came to a gate in the path . the gate looked low enough to jump . the man leapt as high as he could while running .
i waited in line all day to see a movie i knew i would like . i was so excited to see this movie . when i got into the theater , i was so excited i almost could n't move . i watched the whole movie .
i always wanted fancy socks . for my birthday this year i decided to treat myself . i went to the store after reading some reviews . once there i bought the pair i thought was best .
grayson has collected stamps since he was a little kid . now grayson needs some money to help pay his rent . he thinks of his stamp collection . sadly , he takes them into a pawn shop for sale .
lance and adam were best friends . when lance joined the army , adam signed up , too . they were in the same unit and were deployed together . lance took a bullet for adam .
i walked inside of the dentists office . after signing the attendance board , the dentist greeted me . he showed me where to sit . afterwards , he started to operate on my teeth .
tim always wanted to play the drums . his parents bought him a set for christmas . he would play them all the time . it was way too loud and upset his parents .
i love all you can eat buffets . there used to be this amazing buffet by my house . it had all kinds of food from all over the world . the only problem was that it was very expensive .
kenny was playing at the park . he was in the jungle gym trying to do tricks . he got up too high and fell . he fractured his arm in three places .
mag had a night with no kids or husband . she took a bubble bath . then she ordered chinese takeout . mag relaxed and watched movies all night .
lilly made cranberry sauce for thanksgiving . it was her first time meeting her boyfriend 's parents . the meal was going well until she took a bite of what she had made . she realized she had forgotten to put sugar in it .
both my kids came home from college in dec. we decided to have a fun winter break together . we baked cookies , decorated the house and went shopping together . we also made some christmas gifts .
michael saw a squirrel living in the dumpster one day . he thought it was a cute way for the squirrel to say warm . when the trash was taken to the landfill , the squirrel was gone ! a few weeks later , michael saw another squirrel in the dumpster .
rob like salsa . so his friend tom got him a large case of a rare variety . tom was excited to give the gift to rob . rob opened the gift in disbelief and drew a smile .
jennifer dove from the starting block . she always felt that she held the rest of her team back . she pushed harder than she ever had to catch the other swimmers . she even past a few and actually placed second in her event .
ace was playing poker with friends . at first he was having fun . then he noticed something odd . one of his friends was sneakily cheating !
paul wanted to buy his wife a gift . unfortunately he could n't decide what to get . he fretted over it for days . eventually it was his wife 's birthday .
my brother got a ticket . he never went to court . he eventually got pulled over again . they arrested him for failure to appear .
tim wanted to connect more with nature . so , he went out in the woods . he heard the birds sing , the wind blow and the crickets creak . he loved it so much , he built a large tree house and moved in .
ted 's parents told him to focus on studies and not on games . ted thought that games were a burgeoning art form , worthy of praise . ted started to write reviews and articles about different games . the reviews and articles were published in national magazines .
after dropping her kids off at school , tammy donated blood . she drank some juice to refuel before running a few errands . tammy then headed for the gym to her favorite aerobics class . forty minutes into the intense workout tammy passed out .
abigail keeps a strict schedule . she takes a walk in the morning and at night . she walks for about 30 minutes at a time around the neighborhood . sometimes she even takes her dog dexter .
eddie always felt different than everyone else . last week he was alone in an elevator . he heard a voice telling him what floor to go to . it freaked him out and he 's seeking mental help .
jay woke up in the morning to the sound of his car alarm . he ran outside to see what had happened , only to find his car damaged . someone had hit his car and just driven away . the rear bumper had been destroyed and was on the ground .
there was a gas leak in a house down the street . the people who lived there did not know . they left for work one day , and the gas filled up the house . a small spark caused the house to explode .
carmen wanted to make a healthier version of pizza . carmen had to find a recipe for the pizza . carmen found a recipe that had a cauliflower crust . carmen went to the store to purchase the ingredients .
rufus notices that he has let his fingernails grow too long . they are making a loud tapping sound when he types on his computer . rufus decides to cut his fingernails one night . when he 's finally finished , he feels relieved .
herman was very hungry but had no money . so he searched all over his house for spare change . he found a quarter under the couch and a dollar in his dresser . herman came up with two dollars and walked to the store .
kelly was rushing to get to her flight on time . unfortunately security was taking forever . by the time she left securit she checked the time . it was six and her flight left a half hour ago .
everyone loves grandma 's peach pie . she makes from the peaches grown in the orchard . the kids job was to go and pick the peaches for the pies . they always made sure the picked the best peaches .
candice loves tacos . although her love is strong , her tacos are not very good . candice decides she wants to better her taco recipe . she searches for an assortment of different taco recipes .
tony liked art . he decided to go to college and take art classes . he took 4 years worth of art classes in college . when he got out , he could n't find a job .
jenny 's parents got divorced . jenny and her mom moved to a tiny apartment filled with roaches . there was no stove , so they cooked chicken nuggets in a toaster oven . jenny 's mom ran out of money , so they went to a food bank .
bill wanted to lose weight . he had been trying for years , but lacked initiative . he finally stopped being so hard on himself . growing in confidence , he met his goals every week .
three little girls were standing by a pool at a party . one of the girls accidentally pushed the youngest girl into the pool . the little girl could n't swim well and started to sink . her dad noticed and came running out and pulled her out of the water .
while eating breakfast , i saw a lady . she was cute so i called her over . she sat down and we talked for hours . we really got along .
cindy has been driving for a few months . but she has never driven in the rainy . she had to drive to school on a rainy day . but she was too scared to .
i put together a list of factoids and trivia . i included them in a small booklet . i got a bunch of them printed . i sold it as a coffeeeee table or bathroom reader .
bob went to the thrift store to look for deals . he spotted a camera on sale for $ 5 . he looked up the value when he got home . to his surprise the camera was worth $ 5000 !
rover liked playing fetch with his owner . one day his owner threw the ball too hard . it bounced across the street . rover weaved through traffic with amazing skill .
my mom was about to drive across a train track . the signed opened up for the cars to pass . however , it was a false alarm since a train was moving close-by . it was within a few feet of the cars .
kelly worked at cedar point for the summer . one day , while she was working , she found $ 20 on the ground ! she ran to the security booth and gave them the $ 20 . after a week , nobody had claimed the money .
alan wanted to test his typing speed . he went on an online testing site to check . it was surprisingly fast . he tried to use it on his job applications .
anne had just turned 50 when she noticed something unsettling . her hair was beginning to come in gray ! she thought about dyeing it to hide the gray . then she decided to honor her wisdom and years .
connie was invited to a party . when she arrived at the party , there was weird music playing . she looked around , and everyone was dancing weirdly . she was so freaked out , she turned around and left .
i bought a car a few months ago . i thought i would make it cooler by modifying it . i did a few changes and had friends help with others . unfortunately it no longer passed my state 's inspection .
trent and his family left for a road trip . they packed all their suitcases and snacks for drive . in seventy two hours they would arrive in las vegas . when trent took his turn to drive he fell asleep .
brandon lives in clearwater . he enjoys living by the ocean . a pier was built near his house . he decided to get his fishing license .
randy looked carefully at the engagement rings in the jewelry store . he noticed a beautiful ring with a large diamond in the center . randy asked the clerk if he could have a closer look at the ring . the ring was even more gorgeous up close !
for the first time in my life i went to the opera . my girlfriends loves the opera and i do n't . they were in town performing though so i told her i would go . to my surprise i actually had a good time !
shay had been asked to come into the office on a saturday . they were having a business meeting and wanted her to be there . shay wanted her weekend off , but she agreed to come in . on payday , she saw that she had made overtime pay on that saturday .
our dog was named cinnamon . she was very sweet and loving . she was starting to get old and frail . we had to put her down as she was in pain .
i danced ballet for 11 year 's as a child . i loved it , loved it and breathed it . i got to a point where i wanted to excel to pointe ballet shoes . my instructors told me i was n't ready yet , and i was so hurt by it .
may was harry 's favorite month . harry had his birthday in may and school also let out . every may harry would also go to the country to see his friend mary . mary and harry got engaged eventually .
gina went to her 6th hour class . it was gym . gina hated gym , and all things related . she was horrified when the teacher made them run the first day .
i needed to get the grass cut before it got dark outside . i rushed home with 2 hours of daylight left . the mower was out of gas . it started to rainy .
on a rainy evening susan parked at a rest stop on the highway to rest . inside the rest stop she saw a strange man looking at her intently . this made her feel uneasy so she quickly left . susan drove in the rain to the very next rest stop and went in .
i was going for a ride with my grandparents . i had fallen asleep in the backseat . a fox darted across the road . my grandfather slammed on the brakes .
every summer brad and ashley go swimming in the river . sometimes they float on inner tubes for hours enjoying the cool water . they can not go to the river this year . ashley broke her leg and can not be in the water .
sam hopped into his mail truck and drove off . he was trying to do his route fast to get home early today . he drove so fast he did n't see a pothole in the road . the truck bounced hard when he hit the pothole .
john liked a girl at his work . he tried to get her attention by acting silly . she told him to grow up . john confesses he was trying to make her like him more .
aurelia was given an ice cream maker for her birthday . she had never thought of making nice cream before . she gathered the ingredients for her first vanilla ice cream . aurelia was amazed with how delicious her homemade ice cream was .
miriam was constantly arguing about everything . her mother told her that it was a bad habit . miriam never stopped being pedantic . she later became a lawyer .
gina and her friends had been given permission to go to the library . and had arrived to find the door locked . a teacher spotted the girls sitting in the hall . she wanted to see their hall pass .
my class and i went for a field trip . when we were driving to the location , our bus broke down . we all waited for another bus to show up to pick us up for an hour . when the bus arrived , we all boarded and continued our way .
i went to get burgers for my family last week . none of them could tell me what toppings they wanted . everyone kept changing their mind . eventually i just left and decided to get random ones .
alice had a presentation at 9 am at work on monday . she practiced all weekend on perfecting her speech . on monday she awoke to realized it was 8:45 . she hurriedly dressed and arrived to work 5 minutes late .
gina had taken her crying brothers ice cream . now he was crying because he wanted it back . gina refused and continued to eat his ice cream . her mother poked her and made her give it back .
amber really enjoyed playing softball . she practiced real hard and tried out for the team . he hitting skills were not very good . she had to take batting practice for several weeks
gina and her family arrived at her grandma 's house . it was not a happy occasion . her grandpa had a heart attack and died . their grandma was partially paralyzed from a stroke .
on christmas morning , i woke up at 5 am like when i was a child . i sat in front of the tree in the dark and admired the lights . the presents looked beautiful , all wrapped up , underneath the tree . i made two mugs of hot chocolate and woke up my husband .
jim tried out for the basketball team and was cut at try outs . jim was upset but at the same time motivated to prove everyone wrong . during the entire off season , jim worked on his game . he improved his shooting , dribbling , passing , and defense .
mary had a credit card debt of over $ 2000 . she wanted to pay it off . she cut off her unnecessary expenses such as going out . she saved all her money in a savings account .
john had worked hard on his homework but could n't find it anywhere . then he came upon some paper scraps on the floor . his dog , betty , was sitting nearby with a paper scrap in her mouth . john was worried his teacher would think he was lying .
tommy and billy started a lemonade stand . they sold a glass of lemonade for a quarter each . they sold sixteen glasses in one day to people . tommy was n't sure how to split the profits , so billy helped .
tori was so excited to go trick or treating . she put on her costume and ran out the door . she began to eat the candy as fast as she got it . soon her stomach hurt .
beverly was ready for a change . she decided to pack all her stuff and load her car and leave . she figured everything is big in texas and she would just get lost . in the big city she could be anyone and do anything she wanted .
john felt like he was coming down with a cold . it was very cold outside that morning and he felt terrible . he called into work and told his boss he was ill. then john got up and had breakfast and felt better .
sally like pizza night on fridays . the family got two pizzas one with no cheese . sally did n't like cheese . but both pizzas had cheese on them this time .
school was just a disaster today . it was raining and everyone got soaked in the rain . there was also a fire and everyone had to evacuate the school . i caught a fever from being in the rain for several minutes .
felipe has always wanted to see the beautiful pacific northwest . he decided to travel to oregon one day . in oregon , felipe hiked great mountains and ate delicious food . he was sad when his trip came to an end .
ed challenged his brother to a basketball game . the two guys played a friendly match . the score was almost tied . then ed made a slam dunk .
lary was a poor coal miner . lary would work long hours every day in the mines . lary was mining one day and saw a sparkle in the distance ! lary had found a vein of gold ore !
jim 's car was ten year 's old , and started having problems . he decided to trade it in and buy a new one . he did a lot of research on the most economical cars to buy . he decided on one that could also run on a battery .
nick took his dog for a walk last saturday . during the walk , his dog saw several other dogs . he was not well-socialized , so he started barking at them . it was a long and painful experience for both of them .
earl is a grandfather for the first time today ! his daughter just had her first baby and she had a girl . earl has secretly been saving money for his new granddaughter . he surprise his daughter with a new savings account for her child .
the building exploded . five people were inside it . three died and two lived . mosh rushed out with his little sister in his arms .
my girlfriend collects stamps . not the kind for mail but the kind to stamp things with . she has different cute ones . for her birthday i want to buy her more .
jake opened his fridge , looking for food . he found nothing , except some jelly . he realized he could make a pb & j sandwich . he got the ingredients , and fixed himself a sandwhich .
elda had a craving for french fries . she decided to make them herself . she sliced up potatoes and dropped them in bubbling oil . then she pulled them out when they were golden brown .
one year , matt was training for a half marathon . near the time of the race , he slipped on a run and damaged his knee . matt missed the race and required an extensive rehab . as soon as he could , matt was back to training .
susie loves her grandma 's banana bread . susie called her grandma and asked her to send some . grandma lived very far away . a week passed and grandma surprised susie by coming to visit .
jon and mika wanted a baby daughter . after years of trying , they finally conceived a baby girl . unfortunately , the baby had complications . jon and mika were scared that the baby would die .
brendon used to work with mike . one day mike moved his chair while he was standing . he went to sit down and fell . mike could n't help but laugh at the site .
cara was tired of the clutter which had piled up in her garage . she decided to plan a garage sale . she worked with her husband to move everything out . that weekend cara then set up signs to advertise her sale .
i remember the scariest haunted house i 've ever been to . it was an old , rickety , uninhabited house that was made for scares . the house was scary in itself . the scariest part was at the end .
lorraine always wanted to make biscuits the way her mother used to . she decides to take a month away from work and only make biscuits . finally she has perfected her biscuit recipe . she brings her mother a biscuit and her mother says it is delicious .
lucy loved writing poems . one day lucy 's mom was very upset . lucy hated seeing her mom unhappy . she decided to write her a poem .
joe was having his family over for the thanksgiving holiday . he prepared a big meal for them . he waited for his family to arrive . they got stuck in traffic , and were three hours late .
jake wanted to make a youtube account . he started vlogging . they did not get much attention . he then started doing skits .
jackie was driving to work on the expressway . there was a truck with a horse in the cage . as the truck accelerated , the cage open and the horse came out . it fell on jackie 's car window .
kelly and her friends decided to go to indian for lunch . they were the first ones inside the restaurant . it was a buffet so they got what they wanted . the girls loved the food .
levi was very excited about making candles with his mom . he had went to the store with her and helped her pick out scents . today was the day to make the candles . levi helped poor the wax into the molds .
i went to buy a new television last week . after finally picking one out i took it home . i noticed it was broken as soon as i got it out of the box . the screen was cracked .
dennis entered a surfing competition . he did poorly at first , and he fell off a lot . later he did much better as the competition winded down . then he got the best wave of his life .
ben 's garden was not very good , because things grew , but not well . wilson showed ben how to make compost with grass and leaves . ben started a compost pile in the fall with his failed plants . ben added leaves to his compost pile and waited until spring .
joe was really hungry . there was nothing in his fridge to eat . he could n't find his phone to order carry-out . joe ordered a pizza online .
jason and his friends were gathering to watch a movie . everyone brought something along to eat . jason realized he had forgotten to bring something . he ran home and quickly made popcorn for the movie .
mary wanted to make plans for new year 's eve . she decided to have a party at her apartment . she invited all her friends . her friends brought food and drinks to the party .
jim went to the wetlands with a giant gun . he set it up and waited for the geese to fly by . he shot into the flock . two-hundred birds were hit .
janice usually wears jeans to work every day . however , now she has been promoted to manager . she decides she needs to dress a little more formally . janice buys a few pairs of khakis for work .
juanita woke up early for a canoe ride on the lake . she loved peacefully rowing the canoe before anyone else was awake . this morning she was shocked to see a stork flying across the lake . as she took a picture , she lost her balance and fell into the water .
jody was a very hard worker . she always did her best and often worked overtime . jody 's boss noticed her efforts and decided to give her a promotion . her hard work had paid off !
charlie would eat anything . he was small , even for a chihuahua , but he loved food . his crowning triumph was when he stole a large pizza . dismayed , his family rushed him a mean person they called vet .
my sister in law sue was angry last week . her boss cara accused her of putting too many people on a shift . sue said she did not make the schedule the day in question . she pulled the timesheets to prove her point .
nora wanted to go on vacation . she decided to visit the mountain cabin . the cabin was beautiful , set in the woods , beside a stream . nora loved to picnic by the stream .
marcy is a deaf woman who lives alone . she told her friend the hardest thing is communicating with strangers . her friend told her to take pen and paper so she could communicate . marcy began doing this , and found it much easier to do things alone .
fancy is the name of sharon 's miniature schnauzer . fancy turned 14 year 's old yesterday . schnauzers usually do n't live that long . sharon feels lucky to have had fancy since she was a puppy .
keith lived in an area that had occasional earthquakes . but he thought keeping an first aid kit was unnecessary . the next day , he cut his hand while cutting food . and he had to drive himself to a hospital .
sean wanted to go out for a picnic . he packed himself a lunch in a basket . then , he rode his bike off to a field . in the field , he ate his picnic .
the parents were beyond delighted by the birth of their daughter . they named her joy . about two year 's later they had their second child , a boy . while happy and grateful , they were somewhat less enthused .
chris wanted a pack of gum , but he did n't have any money . he decided to steal the gum from the store . the store owner caught chris stealing the gum , and he got in trouble . chris felt terrible .
rene was at the arcade with a couple of friends on a friday night . he was getting ready to play a game but realized he forgot his wallet . his friend jack noticed this and offered to let him borrow money . rene appreciated his offer and took him up on it .
neil took a flight into bangkok . he walked around to see the sights . there were so many delicious local foods ! and the souvenirs were wonderful , too !
amy wanted to straighten her curly hair . she went to the store and purchased a flat iron straightener . she washed and then spent 2 hours straightening her hair . it rained and her hair got wet .
i love this one italian place by my girlfriend 's house . we go there together all the time and it 's always amazing . i love their pasta selection and the prices are amazing ! we 've been going there for so long that the staff knows what we get .
mike is a cop who got shot in the leg . he had never gotten shot before , it made him think about life . he did n't know if he would go back to work . he saw the crime on the news that night .
tracy never believed in marriage . doug taught tracy how to feel love again . doug and tracy made a commitment to each other . doug broke his wedding vows to tracy .
joseph was at the library . he wanted a new book but had no idea what to get . with so many choices , he felt overwhelmed . he decided on a new method of choosing a book .
neil loved dublin ! he thought the irish capital was lively and friendly . but his favorite place was trinity college . he saw the ancient book of kells on display there .
ray loved spending the day at the beach . he and his girlfriend spent hours laying in the sand , getting sun . ray liked to read a book and listen to music on his mp3 player . his girlfriend liked to go in the water for a bit .
last night i got woken up by a call . my friend had a flat tired and was stuck in the middle of the road . i had to go out in the middle of the night to help . it was cold and annoying but i was able to help put the spare on .
grace came home from work one summer day . she opened the freezer to get ice cubes for a cold drink . but then she found something awful . the power had cut out and all the ice was melted !
harrison was playing a game of volleyball with friends . he hit the ball over the net and scored a point . however emily , on the opposing team also scored . the game was tied , until harrison scored the winning point .
sally entered a contest online and won some gift cards . the person in charge of prizes got her address and mailed them out . sally got them in the mail a few days later . she went online and decided what she 'd like to buy .
fred decides that he would like to start remembering his daily life . he goes to the local store and buys a diary . from that day forward , fred records everything he does in his diary . year 's later fred references the diary to see how he spent his time .
sky went to turkey with her class . she landed in istanbul and started sightseeing . all the students loved the architecture . and they thought the food was great too !
joss 's family was hosting an exchange student . joss was afraid she and the new girl would not get along . but when the girl arrived , they liked each other ! they soon were shopping and chatting together all the time .
joe and mary invited friends over for dinner . the gathered in the kitchen and prepared pizza . as the pizza cooked , the couples got board games . the played games for hours .
i love to play baseball but i hate watching baseball . it 's fun to play but honestly it 's so boring to watch . my dad loves to watch it and i sometimes sit with him and watch . we talk about the old days when we used to play together outside .
the upstairs neighbors are always stomping around . even late at night . they 're almost always home . i tried talking to them about it and they said they 'd be quieter .
robbie wanted to buy a new hat . he drove an hour just to get the new hat he wanted . finally when he got there he got the last one . when he tried it on it fit perfectly .
neil knew what he had to do on his visit to dublin . he could n't leave the city without visiting its many pubs ! neil saw dozens of pubs and had dozens of pints . he got very tipsy , but he remembered one thing for sure .
francisco is jealous of all his friends who go skiing in the winter . he decides he wants to ski too . francisco works with an instructor to learn how to ski . he practices very hard .
sai normally hated picture days at school . they were tedious and he never looked as nice as some other kids . to try and help sai feel better , his mom bought him a new sweater . sai wore the sweater to picture day and got a lot of compliments .
alycia parked her car on the street and headed into town . she joined her friends and they had a great night . it got late , and alycia 's car seemed to not be where she left it . before long , all ten friends had joined in the car finding adventure .
my mother used to have a pet goat . she took very good care of it . one day , she realized the goat was missing . she asked her mother where it was .
an oompah band and a mariachi band met on the street . they decided to have an impromptu jam session . they soon discovered that their styles were incompatible . nearby residents called the police to complain about the noise .
the game was tied . the last point made would determine the winner of the match . eric served the tennis ball to bill . bill almost missed the ball , but he managed to hit it .
it was the end of summer , and time for back to school shopping . it was the first year gina 's mom let them come with . she took them to the marshall 's near their home . there were only a few things in their price range .
a squirrel lived in the tree in my mom 's yard . she began to feed it peanuts . one day , she noticed there were now lots of squirrels in her tree . she started to feed them all peanuts .
my niece got a new bicycle for christmas . she was afraid that she would fall of her new bicycle . i decided to help my niece learn to ride . i held the bike as she begins cycling .
gina had detention . it was her first time . she talked with friends outside the room while pretending to be cool . inside her stomach was turning in knots .
alicia liked where she lived . one day , her parents told her they were moving . she was very sad . on moving day she said goodbye to her friends .
brian was asked to watch his friends dog . they left a notebook to keep a log . he would update it with the times he went there . right before he came back he left a message regarding their time .
last night i marked baked chicken . when i put in the oven , i walked away . to my dismay i smelled something burnt . i looked in the oven and the chicken was ruined .
laura woke up early to make it to her class on time . she made herself breakfast before she left for school . after breakfast , laura left her house and got on the bus . when she got to school , she saw a sign that said class cancelled !
ray hung a tire on a rope to make his daughter a swing . she climbed into it and played happily . then ray heard a loud , sickening crack , and a loud crash . the branch holding the swing had broken and his daughter had fallen !
the girls went to a bar . they opened a tab . they had a few drinks . they finally decided to close their tab .
last week i had to give a big speech . i never prepared and only new the very basics . i figured i would just go in and fake it . i used big words and tried to sound smart .
miss jio called nate 's parents in for a conference . she said that nate was disruptive and needed medication . nate 's parents went home and had a long talk . they took nate to the doctor , who told them no medicine .
there was this amazing italian place down the street from alice . she used to go there almost every week . she loves the pastas that they serve there . one day she tried to go there and found out they closed down .
i ran out of noodles . i got in my car and rushed to the store . i purchased my favorite brand of noodles . i hurried home .
pete had to meet with his realtor . he was soon to buy a house . pete could not find the contract given to him by his realtor . he looked all over his home .
fred loved the amusement park but he never rode a roller coaster . his friends teased him that he was afraid of heights . one day at the amusement park he decided to face his fears . fred rode the fastest and scariest roller coaster at the park !
wendy bought some bath oil online . she misread the directions and applied it all over her body . to her horror , her skin had turned pink . she complained to the company promptly .
jackson had always avoided drinking anything alcoholic . he knew that alcohol was unhealthy and could impair judgement . however , one day jackson 's boss invited him to a bar for a beer . jackson found that he loved the taste of beer .
a frog was hungry for a late dinner . he looked across the pond and spied a fly . the frog swam up to the fly quietly . unfortunately , the fly saw him coming and buzzed away .
oscar never made his bed . his mom always wanted him to . finally he decided to start making his bed . his mom was proud .
one day i was walking through the woods . from several yards away , i saw a red snake . i froze immediately . i began to slowly walk backwards .
phil felt a rush the first time he won a hand in blackjack . he started going to the casino multiple times a week . his losses were piling up a lot faster than his wins . in less than a year , he was out of money completely .
my cousin asked me if there was a point in my life that was tough . i pulled out a photo frame . the pictures showed the moments where i was in the hospital . i explained to her the fact that i used to be a leukemia patient .
matthew 's mother was busy working on the computer . matthew screamed . matthew stomped . matthew 's mother relented and abandoned her work .
tine wanted to make the track team . she hoped she was fast enough . for a month before tryouts , she ran on her own . she rose early every morning to run for miles .
i used to hunt often . this past time i went home , i hunted at night . i was quiet for a long time . finally , i saw something moving in the dark .
jack and chad climbed down the grand canyon wall . jack paused to take a picture , leaning to get a good shot angle . jack accidentally sat on a cactus . needles were now stuck in jack 's pants .
amy , lynn and kim walked to the store near lynn 's house . while there they saw lynn 's crush jim . he was a bag boy at the store . they stopped and talked to him for awhile .
riley was not very popular at school . she wore funny clothes . one day , her friend suggested they do makeovers . riley agreed to make herself over .
ann is pregnant . she was very excited knowing this for she always wanted a baby . a couple months in , she had a miscarriage . she is deeply traumatized by it .
aya wanted to be a model . she thought she had a chance since she was thin and pretty . so she entered her town 's annual modeling contest . to her shock , she won the contest .
jared was grounded for a week . he never cleaned his room . his parents told him he would get days off for dusting . he went around dusting the entire house .
anna was walking to school one morning . she entered the crosswalk on the main road . a car suddenly flew into it and struck her . anna was crushed and her leg was broken .
dave gathered up all of his beach gear . he took the day off just so he could spend it on the beach . when he went outside he discovered it was much to dark . the sky was full of black storm clouds .
ron and kim wanted a new house . ron decided to work overtime at work as much as he could . in a few years he had saved all his overtime pay and had lots of cash . he and kim started shopping for a new , bigger home .
i wrote an ebook that needed a cover . i made several book covers in photoshop . i shared my creations with several people . i asked people to vote for cover a or cover b .
we bought a new cat post last week . the old one was very worn . our cat is very picky . it the post is not made of sisal she will reject it .
daniel wanted to establish himself as a writer . daniel made a website where he could post article he wrote . the website slowly built and gained attention . the building and gaining was too slow for daniel to succeed .
jeff had the basketball in his hand . gary was waving his hands in the air since he was open for a shot . jeff ignored him and ran towards the hoop . two guards were approaching him .
daddy took us to the woods to camp . he taught us how to build a fire with sticks . he helped us learn how to make our own tents . we fell asleep counting the stars in the sky .
during the end of the week , i went to the local market . since several items were for sale , i 've looked at them . some were vegetables and juice containers for a 50 % discount . i took several of the items and went to the checkout .
joey worked for a great company but her hours were cut . the company said they had to let her go and laid her off . joey began looking for another job right away . she had a hard time finding work but gave job searching her all .
joe lived a lonely life . he never had anything to do but watch tv . one day he decided to meet people on craigslist . he was able to make new friends .
amy was very stressed out all the time . a friend suggested that she try meditation . amy was skeptical , but she agreed to give it a shot . she went to a class and breathed and focused .
nya tried to eat healthy and watch her weight . but one night she was craving comfort food . she decided to order some fried chicken and mashed potatoes . she ate the greasy , fatty food with relish .
my roommate was sick . she stayed home from work and school . she slept all day long . by the end of the day , she was feeling better .
ted and his friends went to the park to climb a mountain . they started on the hike . after two hours , they got tired and took a break . they finished the hike and were at the top .
it is usually calm and warm in the morning , in florida . yesterday morning it was very windy , though . the palm tree fronds were blowing so hard they scraped the windows . i turned on the tv and a tornado warning came on !
i 've been on an art kick lately . i received a drawing instruction book for christmas . the book has a shopping list of necessary drawing supplies . i went to the store the other day and bought what i needed .
lisa began to realize that she did not enjoy studying business . she wanted to study art but was worried about making money . finally , one day she had the courage to drop out of school . her friends and family told her it was crazy to leave school .
mary wanted to go to a late movie . unfortunately she had school and strict parents . she waited until everyone fell asleep and sneaked out . she saw the movie with friends and had a great time .
ivy had been asked on an unconventional date . her crush peter had asked her to go hiking ! ivy agreed . they went to the woods and hiked for hours .
a man went to design the tallest tower in the world . he drew plans to make it twice as high as the current tallest . he took the plans to a developer to build . the developer asked him how tall to build the tower .
lauren and her sisters are visiting jacksonville florida this week . on the last day of their trip they want a picture together . lauren and her sisters pose in front of a cute cafe . she has the picture developed and sends each sister a copy .
liz was babysitting a 5 year old boy . he wanted to play hide and seek . she found him a few times but then he disappeared . she was getting frantic as she searched the house for him .
mark was running late to work . he tried to get their on time by driving over the speed limit . a traffic cop pulled him over . he was given a speeding ticket .
amy always wanted to play the flute . the first day of band she told the teacher so . she practiced on her flute everyday for a week . it was terribly hard to play the flute .
bryan was shopping for fruit for his family . he looked through the whole aisle but could not decide on a fruit . his wife hated grapes , his daughter hated apples . even his son was a fussy fruit eater !
emily took her child to the zoo . the saw many animals , including lions . her child was very afraid of the lions . he started to scream and cry .
kim could have a puppy if she scored a basket in the game . she practiced all day at home . she practiced in the gym after school with her team . finally it was the day of the big game .
karen was a softball player . her team was n't doing very well . her coach gave them a very inspiring speech . everyone started to practice and work much harder .
kayla had n't been to a social event in nearly three year 's . she was suffering from crippling anxiety . the longer she went without interacting , the more difficult it became . her brother was nervous for her and took her to a therapist .
ricky fell while hiking in the woods . he was terrified ! he thought he had fallen into a patch of poison ivy . then he used his nature guide to identify the plant .
my husband loves blue belle ice cream . not too long ago , blue belle had a recall and quit producing . my son works at kroger , they recently had a meeting about blue belle . blue belle ice cream arrived at kroger last week .
oni had never performed before an audience . but he entered the talent show hoping to win the grand prize . he thought he would just give it his best try . oni sang in the show and everyone applauded .
ralph hates shopping . his mom makes him go . they are there for a long time . ralph helps his mom load and unload the groceries .
kayla borrowed a book from her sister . she brought the book with her to a coffee shop to read . kayla accidentally spilled some of her vanilla latte on the book . she immediately went home to inform her sister .
lenny wanted to watch a movie . he drove to the local hollywood video . lenny rented three horror movies . lenny went next door and bought a pizza from a shop .
laura told a story of burning bras in the 60 's . the crowd went wild after learning this personal information . laura assured the crowd that was long ago . she put her bid in for president .
charlie wanted to be a police officer in hawaii . he passed his tests and was hired in honolulu . charlie liked interacting with the community . charlie did n't like the amount of corruption in the force .
i had two dogs that were very close . the older dog got very sick and was put to sleep . the younger dog was very lonely . we have a neighbor dog come over to play .
sean 's roommates notice that his clothes and bed start to smell . they tell him he needs to clean his laundry pretty soon . sean protests at first , but finally he cleans his laundry . his roommates are grateful that sean no longer smells as bad .
my friend wants to be a doctor , so she took the mcat . the first time she took it , she did not get a good enough score . she studied very hard and took it again . this time , she did very well !
kelly went down to the ocean to relax . she immediately went and put her feet in . as she put her feet in however , the wave captured her . her clothes got soaked .
ben was excited to go fishing with his grandfather for the first time . however , he found putting the worms on the hook to be disgusting . he accidentally pricked his finger with one of the hooks , too . ben soon realized that fishing was not for him .
amelia was getting ready for a date at a nice italian restaurant . amelia 's friend had set her up on a blind date a week prior . she got to the restaurant early and waited for her date . thirty minutes had passed and her date did not show up .
the mom really wanted to get the boy 's picture with santa . the boy was scared and refused . the mom told the boy that santa was responsible for bringing presents . this changed the boy 's mind .
stewart tried to finish his favorite task before going to bed . he got so engrossed in it , he forgot to keep the fire going . shivering , he pulled a bunch of blankets around himself . he became very warm and content .
anthony wanted to learn how to speak spanish . he found an online spanish course , and he enrolled . anthony studied hard , and eventually he learned the language . anthony speaks spanish fluently now .
amy went to the grocery store after work . she had a short list of items to buy . the store was out of half the items . amy had to go to a second grocery store .
joanie got ready to blow dry her hair for a date . she was upset to find her blow dryer missing . then , joanie heard a familiar sound coming from outside . she saw her brother using the blow dryer .
cornelia decides that she wants to rearrange her apartment . her bed has stood next to the wall for many year 's . cornelia moves her bed to sit next to the window . when her friends sees her new arrangement , they love it .
tim loved his motorcycle . he rode it whenever he could . up until last week when he wrecked . now he almost never rides it .
wendy landed her first job as a nurse at a nursing home . she really loved her job and connected with the residents . she really enjoyed talking to a little old lady in particular . one day , the lady showed her pictures of her children .
tom and jake went to a concert . they were seeing this band they love . they went into the general admission area . some very tall people were standing so they could n't see a thing .
lester was proud that he had spent years without a cell phone . he liked to think he was less dependent on technology than others . however , one day his car had a flat tire and he wished he had a phone . he did not want to have an experience like that again .
ben needed an oil change in his car . he knew they were quite expensive . then he saw a coupon in the paper . ben cut it out and took it to the garage .
i woke up hungry . i poured a bowl of cereal but found i did not have any milk . after contemplating using water i decided to go to the store . i walked to the corner and got a half gallon of 2 % .
anna had a saltwater fish tank . she only kept coral in it . then she decided she wanted some fish , too . she bought a few small clownfish and triggers .
holly was a beautiful black cat that lee loved very much . saddly , holy got very sick and lee had to put her to sleep . lee was very sad missing holly everyday . one day soon after a little black kitten showed up at lee 's back door .
bob needed a new pair of socks . he went to the local department store to buy them . the store was having a big sale . he found himself buying lots of great stuff .
young reggie loved playing and watching american football . his favorite player was running back jamal lewis . he was at the salt lake airport with his family and saw his hero . he went up to him saying that he will also play professional football .
ella found a tiny robin on the ground . she knew it must have fallen from its nest . she wrapped it carefully and made it a safe home . then she fed it worms by hand .
i made a resolution to quit my job . i wrote my letter of resignation . i quietly went to the office and turned it in . i quit my job .
i put the black plastic rose in a vase with water . i left it atop my bookcase for a few weeks . ten people asked me about it . they wanted to know why i had a watered , fake flower .
ben decided to treat himself to a coffee . he paid for the coffee using his debit card . later , the bank called him saying he over-drafted . they explained that he had to pay a thirty dollar charge .
chris was on his second layover of the week . pacing around the airport , he decided he would make use of this time . installing an app on his phone , he began practicing his french . another patron of the airport overheard him and offered him assistance
when i was a kid , google started for the first time . i remember asking my dad how to use the site . he showed me how to type and search anything i wanted . i became enthralled , and spent every day at my desk having fun .
jeff was up for a promotion in which he would have to interview for . he went home and studied real hard , memorizing his answers . he prepped for many days until he felt prepared for the interview . he went in for his interview and passed with flying colors !
ritz was born in a large litter of 12 other puppies . when he was eight weeks old he was given away to a lovely family . they raised him well and he led a very happy life . things changed one day for ritz when his owner got cancer .
mia loved being outdoors . one summer , she decided to go mountain climbing . she joined a club of people who climbed mountains together . they climbed the tallest mountain in her area .
fred 's boss called him into the office at the propane filling station . he told fred that times were tough and he had to be laid off . fred became very angry about this . he picked up his boss by the collar and threw him down .
my sister in law is trying to save money . she is a recent widow living on a pension . she recently returned two of three cable boxes . i told her that antennas work well now that broadcasts are hd .
victor has always prided himself on trying new foods . however , he has never eaten a pistachio . one day he buys a jar of pistachios to eat at home . he loves how they taste .
sharon had kept a bag of unknown seeds for years . she decided one day to plant the seeds . sharon put them in planters , believing they would be small plants . sharon could n't have been more wrong in her assumption !
it was a gorgeous day outside . emily wanted to take advantage of the great weather . she decided to go to the park . emily was disappointed when she found out her car would n't start .
tom was tired of everyday life . so , he decided to move off the grid . his first week was ok , but soon he ran out of water . he suffered for two days and still could n't find any .
tim wanted to learn astronomy . he wanted to go into outer space . however he was to young to be an astronaut . this news made him sad .
my sister in law works in an assisted living center . she is a waitress . she gave us a calendar issued by the center . it showed her dressed up for saint patrick 's day .
fred decided to buy some shares of apple . the stock price was 90 dollars when he bought it . luckily they had great earnings yesterday . the stock then went up to 100 dollars .
jen was so confident in her preparations for the county spelling bee . she had spent the past month studying the dictionary every night . when the bee started , jen survived as others got knocked out . it all came down to the final two and jen 's opponent had messed up .
kelly has n't left her apartment in years . i went up to her place today to say hello . i could tell she was reluctant to let me in . we talked for a while about how she 's doing .
emily was at the beach . the weather started out tranquil . suddenly the wind began to pick up severely . anna was caught in a scary sandstorm !
andrew had never been in trouble for anything . his parents were out of town for the week . andrew 's friends came over and wanted to drink . so andrew took out his parents secret stash of alcohol .
ellen used to live in the country . she misses having days with the power out . one day an ice storm caused the power to go out in her city home . she got very cold .
jose was excited . he had just gotten a new skateboard and wanted to try it out . he took it straight to the skatepark . he skated all day .
mike was sitting at his desk . but suddenly , he felt a strange itching sensation on his arm . he felt his legs become itchy too . and then his face .
jill went on a road trip last month . she wanted to travel from boston to seattle . halfway through , her car broke down . she spent hours on the side of the road , waiting for aaa .
the principal announced there would be a school dance that friday . mary became excited about the dance . she wanted dan to ask her to the school dance . dan saw mary in the hallway and told her he needed to talk to her .
a new organic avenue store opened up in nyc and i checked it out . i was super excited to try it because i never went before . as i walked in , they had amazing salads and juices to try . i tried a summer salad and coconut water .
cindy 's room had white walls . but she complained that they reflected too much light . so she decided to have her walls painted blue . she thought her room was more calming .
i joined a fantasy football league for the first time this year . i joined my buddy 's group because they needed one more person . i 've never played before in my life . i ended up winning first place !
helen got up for work early . it snowed the night before so she had to shovel her car out . it took her an hour to clear the snow . heading back in the house to get ready , she heard a familiar sound .
after the state basketball championship reporters interviewed the team . dan asked if this was live or recorded . the journalist informed him it was a live show . dan said to the camera his father was his inspiration .
jeremy has a distinct and strong personality . he had a bad time with his job and got fired . he spoke some unflattering things to his manager and co-workers . since then , he 's found it difficult to find a job .
fran bought a house on the beach . everyday the cranes would feed off of the bugs in her yard . one day though the cranes stopped coming around . several months went by and still no cranes
our team had a football game today . we were all pumped to win . we got on the field and practiced before the game . our team was unified , and worked together .
kelly hated math class and struggled to learn the concepts . she struggled a lot with the work and often sought help from teachers . she worked very hard and it paid off with good grades . she was entering college in the fall .
sophie 's nana was terminally ill. sophie visited her in the hospital to say goodbye . her nana gave sophie her prized gold locket . she told sophie to keep it to remember her by .
kelly had a new job interview today . she got ready in ten minutes and raced out the door . when she got there and met with the woman , she answered questions . when the interview was done , they told her they would call her back .
don noticed a fly go into the living room . he decided to swat it . he tried for half an hour but it kept evading him . eventually the fly flew out on its own .
zack and his friends passed a scary house on their walks to school . one day , they decided to go inside it . zack and his friends went inside every room . the house was old and abandoned .
mia went to the casino last night . she began the night by playing some poker . after losing a considerable amount of money , she played slots . she was nearly out of money when the herd ring ring ring .
portia loves walking through the woods nearby her house . however , she notices that her sneakers are becoming muddy and gross . she decides to buy a pair of hiking boots . portia finds a pair that is comfortable and not too expensive .
andrew was getting married tomorrow . he had bought the wedding ring months before and could n't find it ! he looked everywhere in his house . finally he remembered that it was back at the store to get resized .
terry found 2 hundred dollars at work . he took the money home but he wondered if he did the right thing . the next day he took the money to work and turned it in . after a week no one claimed the money so his boss gave it back to him .
i love taking long warm showers . they feel great and they 're fun . unfortunately they 're wasteful . so i always feel bad when i take one .
barry loves playing baseball . barry decided that he would go and watch a professional game . barry went to the stadium , and purchased a ticket . upon entering , barry decided to grab a beer to drink .
we had fruit flies in our home last year . we looked up various treatments . we tried red wine in bowls . when that did n't work we bought a special trap .
remy liked to drink milk . but one day , she spilled milk all over her carpet . and she did n't think bother to clean the spill properly . the next morning , she woke up to a terrible smell .
heather and marcus were ready for the next step in their relationship . they were happy newlyweds , but wanted an addition to their family . although not quite ready for kids , they still felt lonely . on a whim , they went to an animal shelter and fell in love with a cat .
lots of people were walking to class . they all wanted to get there fast . people started pushing others out of the way . they fell down .
last saturday i went to an azalea concert . the concert was amazing . i got to be in the front row . after the show i went backstage to meet her .
eric has always been overweight . his new year 's resolution was to stick to a diet . he went to the gym in january and ate healthier . that last about a month .
sally was struggling to do well in school . her parents decided they needed to motivate her . they said if she did well her last semester , she picks the vacation . sally studied night and day , she wanted to do well .
when i was a kid , my siblings and i needed money . we came up with the idea for a lemonade stand . we decided to set up outside our house . we sold lemonade to a few dozen people .
i loved flashlights as a kid . when i got older i bought small clip on flashlights . i put them on my bag to use in case of emergencies . later , the advent of the smartphone made flashlights less needed .
terry hated his name . he wanted a cool name like super metro volcano man . he told his mother he wanted to change his name . his mother explained that he was named after his loving grandfather .
the parker family was looking for a new house . they looked all over town but could n't find a home they wanted . finally they found a beautiful home they loved . the home was absolutely gorgeous .
tom decided to drive to his girlfriend 's house today . he drove as fast as he can although there was a lot of traffic . when he got into the front of the house , he rang the doorbell . no one answered however , the front door was open .
kelly 's car battery died . she tried to have it jumped but it did n't work . eventually she took it to the auto store . they checked it for her and it was dead .
joe bought a skateboard with his savings . he took his new skateboard to the park to show it off to his friends . while doing a trick , joe fell and broke his arm . he spent four hours at the hospital getting his arm set .
maddie decided it was time for back to school shopping . it was mid august and classes were beginning soon . she looked up her course requirements and shopping lists . than , she looked through all the ads in the paper for the best deals .
neil had enjoyed chinese food in hunan . but he was told the spicier food was in szechuan province . intrigued , he took a train there . then he ordered a plate of rice and noodles .
i spent most of my detention time sleeping class . my teacher told me to wake up since no sleeping was aloud . i tried to remain awake and work on a few assignments . when my teacher escorted me out of the class , i was happy .
amanda was watching a squirrel collect acorns . amanda was fascinated with how efficient the squirrel was . amanda watched the squirrel as he carried the acorns to his nest . amanda also saw how the squirrel was very watchful over the acorns .
terry loves to swim but he never learned how to dive . he always jumps in the water feet first . this summer terry decides he wants to learn how to dive in the water . he practices diving very hard every day .
peter was excited for the class field trip . he was looking forward to visiting the science museum . the place had many cool exhibits and interactive displays . peter was fascinated by the physics and space demonstrations .
kaylee went to work at cedar point , the amusement park . while working at cedar point , she met james . kaylee and james started to like each other and soon started dating . one year later , james proposed to kaylee .
joanie was interviewing for her first job . she was very nervous . she really wanted to get the position at the ice cream shop . she thought the interview went pretty well .
ana was a hardworking mom . one day she booked herself an afternoon at a spa . she had her whole body massaged . she even had hydrotherapy sessions .
bob was a worker on mechanical turk . he got a fifty dollar bonus . bob was happy because it was the biggest bonus he had gotten . bob put on his glasses and realized it was actually five dollars .
mom did n't want to cook dinner tonight . we were all very hungry . she told us to fend for ourselves . we ate cold cereal for dinner tonight .
mary 's family was getting together for a holiday dinner at the club . everyone was going to be there except for mary 's grandfather . mary was sad that the whole family would not be together . when she got to the club , she was surprised to see her grandfather !
the children were inside playing when they heard music . they ran to their mother and begged for change . she handed them a couple of dollars . they took off running outside , catching up to the ice cream truck .
we wanted to go to the beach one weekend . after discussing it , we did n't want to drive . we proceeded to look online for an airplane ticket . after purchasing a cheap ticket , we headed to the airport .
susan woke up early . she had to feed the animals before work . she found that her rabbit had bunnies . susan was very pleased at the sight of them .
i always try to go to bed on time . last night i was hooked watching a new tv show . before i knew it it was really late . i should have been asleep hours ago .
howard was feeling happy one morning . he decided to spend all day enjoying his life . all day , while at work , he complimented his coworkers . when he got home , he took his family to see a movie and have dinner .
a man arrived at a construction site for his job . he put on his hardhat , grabbed his tools and walked into the site . while he was walking , a large brick fell and hit him on the head . the man was knocked out , and his co workers ran to help him .
trent 's family owned a camping supply store . trent hated camping though . every summer his parents made him go on a camping trip . this summer trent was in charge of keeping the fire going in the wind .
george decided to buy a tv . he found a very nice tv that he wanted and went to pick it up . a few days later , george awoke to a surprise . his tv had been stolen .
tommy was 17 when he dyed his hair pink . he thought it was punk and cool . some of his friends agreed . his parents thought it was stupid .
robbie was looking for help shoveling her car out of the snow . she posted on facebook , hoping somebody would see . cameron saw the post , and felt sympathy for robbie and her car . since he had the day off work , cameron said he could help .
ronald kicked his shoes off and laid on the couch for a nap . when he woke up , he went to put his shoes on . but he could n't lace them up because the strings were missing ! he looked all over but could n't find them .
sara learned that she was expecting a child . she made it through the nine months of pregnancy . one day her water broke and she was taken to the hospital . sara was in labor for 4 hours .
last year my uncle bought a metal detector . he takes it to the beach every weekend . a few months ago he found a rolex . it was worth a few hundred dollars .
i went to babysit my 5-year-old nephew in san francisco . my sister encouraged me to bike her kid to school . i was afraid to bike across the city with my nephew in tow . instead , we biked through golden gate park to the beach and the zoo .
alice 's friends invited her out to lunch . she drove out to meet them at a restaurant . her friends were waiting at a table but had already ordered . by the time she had her food , they were already done eating .
my children and i visited the local animal shelter . we looked at puppies and kittens in their cages . my daughters picked out a friendly puppy . they played with her and rubbed her belly .
mario got up out of bed . today was his wedding day and he already felt the butterflies . he shaved and showered happily . he got dressed and went to the church .
zeke was tired of living in america . he decided to move to cozumel . he went to the cozumel beach and bought some land . zeke decided to build a house on that land .
kelly wanted to be in the navy . she asked a recruiter about it . he advised her to complete an application . she filled it out and submitted it .
gina was in the lunch room at her new school . she only knew 2 people in the whole school . neither of them was in this lunch room . she got her food and went outside .
today we went on a plane ride . the plane was very big , i was scared . when we got on the plane mom told me it will be fun . the plane made a lot of loud noises but it was n't too bad .
adam needed a new baseball cap . he looked online at different hats . he selected the perfect hat and ordered it . he was so excited to receive it .
ted and beth are planning a wedding together . they noticed that they may not have enough to pay for it . ted asked his parents to help pay and they agreed . beth did the same with her parents and got some extra money too .
cindy got out of bed . but she could n't find her slippers . instead of making breakfast , spent all day looking for them . she gave up and ordered another pair .
neil had just arrived in paris . he could not wait to see all the culture there ! he spend his first day seeing art work . he visited three museums in just one day !
jessica was getting ready to graduate from college . she worked very hard in school and thought she deserved a reward . her father knew that jessica wanted a vacation . on her graduation day , jessica 's father surprised her with tickets .
tim was too tall for all of his pants . he could not find a good outfit to wear for his trip to the park ! everything made his legs look too long , and silly . then he decided to cut his jeans into shorts .
sandy had purchased a new bed . she needed to clean her room before the delivery men arrived . she also needed to get rid of her old bed . her friend jim wanted her old bed .
in college , i had some terrible professors . they did not know how to teach the students . so , i learned to teach myself on my own . instead of going to class , i went to the library and did exactly that .
timmy knew about this cute girl he went to school with . he followed her home one day . she stopped at a corner as he was following her . timmy realized he had been caught , and was not sure what to do .
neil was visiting egypt . he took a tour to see the great pyramids . he stared up at them in awe . they were so huge and ornate !
jen fell asleep with bleach in her hair . she only meant to leave it in for about 5 minutes , not nearly an hour . when she rinsed it out her hair was white with a blue tinge . she was in a panic but her mother said they could fix it .
doug was sad it was christmas eve and there was no snow . all doug wanted was a white christmas . he prayed to god for snow and went to sleep . when he woke up the next morning the room was filled with light .
sheryl worked as a museum curator . her family told her she worked a boring job . she tried to tell them that she got to work with living history . she tried to tell that their office jobs were a whole lot worse .
joe stretched as he rolled over in bed . his clock showed it was 10 am . he jumped out of bed , panicked . his alarm had n't gone off .
ned 's wife said he 'd passed away quietly in his sleep . his wife told all her friends she had n't known he was ill. she swore it was the weirdest thing she 'd ever seen . the police did n't buy her story and arrested her .
jackie was admitted into the hospital today . her baby is about to become born . her husband came from work to comfort her . after 48 hours of being in labor , her baby was released .
my family wanted a pet . we went to the pet store on saturday . we saw lots of dogs and kittens . we fell in love with a cute black kitten .
joe 's sister was always having her tests put up on the refrigerator . she got as all the time . joe did n't ever get as . so he was proud when he came home with an a on his spelling homework .
adam and angel wanted to move out and get a place of their own . they searched for apartments online for weeks . they found a few apartments they liked quite a bit . they went and looked at the apartments they had chosen .
greta was turning ten year 's old . she wanted to throw a birthday party . greta handed out invitations for the party at school . when the day of the party came , no one showed up .
shari was worried . her wedding was tomorrow , and it was an outdoor ceremony . but rain was forecast ! thankfully , the wedding day dawned clear and sunny after all .
amy was excited it was christmas eve . she had been very good all year . she gave the list of her favorite toys to santa at the mall . he told her she would receive everything she wanted .
anna had been tending her garden all summer . she went outside to harvest . all her fruits and veggies were ready ! she picked them one by one .
kim had dropped her toothbrush in the toilet . she was disgusted by the thought of putting her hand in to pull it out . she grabbed a pair of scissors out of the drawer . each time she had the toothbrush she would drop it .
hannah 's parents signed her up for piano lessons . after her first piano lesson , hannah felt discouraged . she tried to practice as hard as she could . hannah could not get her fingers to work properly .
keira found a man she thought was a keeper . he had a great job , impressive house , and paid for all their dates . a few months into dating , keira started planning her wedding dress . and then he hit her because she burned dinner .
the shepherd opened the gate of the pen . he sent his dog into the pasture to round up the sheep . the dog herded the sheep towards the gate . the sheep moved together into the pen .
walter was lonely ever since his wife had passed away . he met a nice lady at bingo and became friendly with her . he felt guilty though about what his late wife might think . walter had a vivid dream in which his late wife reassured him .
marina was walking past the library . she put her face down to avoid the harsh wind coming towards her face . all of a sudden a tumbleweed hit marina 's legs really hard . she looked down towards her legs but became disoriented .
yesterday i played the powerball game . i picked my numbers from our family 's bible . i purchased my tickets from a reputable online lottery agent . i prayed nervously as the winning numbers were drawn .
amy is enrolled in an advanced plant biology course . she has a test next week about photosynthesis . the information is complex and in depth . she wrote a song about it to memorize the material more easily .
coming out of college , i was so nervous to start work . i could barely sleep the week before my start date . the day of , i was nauseous and jittery . however , a congratulatory text from my parents cheered me up .
seven-year-old ben went to play at his friend mike 's house . mike greeted ben , and they went to play in mike 's room . first , they played with mike 's quadcopters for a long time . then , they played with some trucks .
a waiter was dying to go home but he still had a table eating . the waiter printed out the bill and slipped it on the table . the guests noticed the bill after a while and took a hint . they paid for the bill and left .
kay was moving back in with her mom . she sadly packed her things and drove to her mom 's house . her mother helped her unpack her car . there was no enough room for kay 's things .
the girls decided to get together for dinner . they brought their families too . unfortunately they got into a fight . the staff had to throw them out .
vinny had always hoped to meet a real life movie star . his friends told him it was very tough to meet a movie star . however , he did not give up hope . one day vinny saw denzel washington out taking a stroll .
when i was seven years old , i went swimming with some friends . i did not know how to swim in deep water . by accident , i slipped into the deep part of the pool . i thought i was going to drown !
the smith 's could not find their cat . they were afraid she had gotten outside and gotten lost . everyone was sad when they sat down in front of the christmas tree . then they noticed her looking down at them from the top branches .
instead of going to college right away , flora went abroad . she visited many european countries and met a lot of people . when she was supposed to go home , she decided to stay in spain . she got a job as a tutor and had a lot of great adventures .
joyce bought some fruit a week ago . it was part of her new year 's resolution to be healthier . she forgot about it after a few days . eventually a really bad smell took over her apartment .
ted and some of his friends went to the lake one afternoon . ted 's friends kept asking him to get in the water with them . ted did n't know how to swim . ted decided there was no better time to learn , so he jumped in .
i asked sarah out on a date . she said yes . i was so excited for our date together . we went to dinner and then a movie .
one day , i went to the zoo with my friends . i heard the zoo had sloths , and i had always wanted to see them . we visited almost all of the exhibits , but did not see any sloths . we finally found the sloths in the very last exhibit .
a scientist discovers that there is a disease beginning to spread . he works on a cure for the disease in his lab . other scientists gather to help him with his work . several weeks go by and they manage to develop a cure .
troy went over to play at sam 's house . the boys played with blocks and trucks and teddy bears . they also colored and played with finger paints . sam 's dad made them a snack of apples and caramel sauce .
yvonne had always been overweight . for new year 's she made a resolution to start exercising . she began jogging everyday . in two months she had lost 23 pounds .
india wanted to try iced coffee . india decided to make her own iced coffee at home . india prepared the coffee in the machine for the beverage . india then grabbed the milk and ice for the beverage .
betsy wanted a puppy , but her mom said no . betsy was so sad and disappointed because she really wanted a pet . one day she went into her room and found a hamster in a cage . her mom had gotten her a pet after all !
maureen has always wanted to become a biology teacher . she studies very hard to become an expert in biology . her friends tell her that biology is too tough for her . however , she continues until she has her degree .
cornelia had always loved working with her hands . she decided she wanted to try building a table by herself . she took a woodworking course to learn how to build it . after finishing the course , cornelia built a beautiful table .
the kids went to the graveyard . the came upon a grave with chains . some of the chains had been broken . they became scared and ran .
bo and jim wanted to drive fast . they took their cars to the salt flats in utah . bo hopped in his mustang and jim hopped in his corvette . they raced each other for seven miles .
today sally went for a hike . she loved walking through the woods . she saw a beautiful robin in her nest . sally loves robins .
joy 's boyfriend took her to play putt putt . he did n't realize she had been playing golf since she was a child . she had three holes in one during their game . she beat him by 18 points !
my nephew is a professional chef . while cooking for us at our house he decided to show off a bit . we videoed as he sliced an onion behind his back . we were amazed how quickly he chopped and did n't get cut .
the little sister found out she was having a baby brother . she was excited until she found out she would no longer be the baby . then she started acting out . she colored on the walls .
i went on a hiking trip this summer . i went to go hike away from the campsite by myself . i got lost because i did not have any equipment on me . i walked for miles searching for my friends .
hailey was participating in her school marathon . however she forgot to bring her running shoes . hailey was still determined . she asked her teacher if she could borrow her 's for the day .
jim was mowing the yard when his mower got stuck on some metal . jim looked closely at the metal and saw that it looked like jewelry . he took the piece of metal to an appraiser . the appraiser told him it was an old ring from an older civilization .
kyle and ted were in a pie eating contest . they sat down together in front of their pies . when the contest started , they dug in . both of them got horrible stomach aches .
bob was playing volleyball . he suddenly felt very dizzy and fell down . his friends quickly rushed to his aid . bob was dehydrated from exerting himself .
kathy realized to her horror that she was out of milk . so she gathered her young children up and went to the store . they were bad in the store and screamed a lot . kathy cried on the way home .
chuck always wanted to join the debate team at school . he has great ideas to debate with but he is scared of public speaking . he took a speech class over the summer to help . as soon as the school year started he signed up for the team .
i once got lost in the woods . it was very hot . i soon got really thirsty . i felt like i was going to die .
laura had a passion for art . she would paint everyday after class . she painted a self portrait of herself one day . she posted it online for everyone to see .
jason had always admired the fast movements of boxers he saw on tv . he started training to become a boxer in his spare time . he practiced jabs and jumped rope for hours each day . finally he was a great boxer .
our kids had a 2 day break from school . so we decided to take a fun trip to great wolf lodge . the kids enjoyed swimming at the water park . we enjoyed pizza and story time after swimming .
tom was at the bus stop on a weekend . next to him was a tall gentleman . he started yelling all of a sudden . tom and everyone else around him got a bit uncomfortable .
allie lost 50 pounds . the doctor told her she needed to lose 10 more . if she lost 10 more he would do skin removal . allie dieted hard and exercised .
jenny was addicted to sending text messages . jenny texted even while she was driving . while jenny was replying to a text she took her eyes off the road . jenny heard a horn honk and saw she was on the wrong side of the road .
elle wanted a new car . she went to the dealership and selected the perfect one . the dealer helped set up a payment plan for her . every month elle paid five hundred dollars towards the car 's price .
jay was having car trouble . he puttered into the garage . he was afraid the repair would prove costly . but the mechanic gave him some good news .
ned was hiking in the woods when he saw a lump of fur under a tree . the lump started to move , then emitted little cries . ned moved closer and saw that it was a bunch of tiny baby possums . he called the local wildlife rescue and reported the baby possums .
don 's friend pulled don 's pants down in front of his graduating class . don was angry and embarrassed at being exposed in this way . don decided that this friend would no longer be his friend . don 's shame and embarrassment grew .
one day i went outside and my dog was not there . i panicked . i had no idea where she was . suddenly , my neighbor called me from next door .
i met my husband to be at costco . he drew horns on my membership picture and flirted wildly . i do n't know why i said yes to a date , but i did . five years later , we married .
cindy was at a restaurant . and she ordered hot soup . but the waitress forgot to tell her that the bowl was hot . so when received the bowl from the waitress , she hurt her hands .
laura has always loves swimming , but she has never tried backstroke . she usually avoids backstroke because does n't want water in her ears . one day she decides to take backstroke lessons from an expert swimmer . she finds that she loves backstroke and does n't get water in her ears .
one day i decided i wanted to walk into town . it was n't far from my house , only a few miles ! once i arrived in town i decided to stop for coffee . i chose an awesome little shop and sat down for lunch .
jess hated egg salad . when her friend 's mother served it , she knew she had to eat it . just as she was about to take a bite the family dog walked by . no one was looking so she lowered it towards the dog .
robbie and i went to a fancy restaurant for our anniversary . it was very elegant . we both had to dress formally in order to get a table . we enjoyed ten courses over four hours .
lonnie was fed up with modern life . he decided to go off the grid . he found a clearing in the woods and set up camp . the first night was scary , as he heard howls and much rustling .
bob had to get to work in the morning . his car battery was struggling to start the car . he called his neighbor for a jump start . his neighbor came over and helped him get his car running .
ava needed a plane ticket across the country . she feared it 'd be expensive . then the agent told her something wonderful . she had earned enough miles to pay for her ticket !
my friend sharon was nervous yesterday . she found out her company wanted her to retire . although she has a good pension , she was still nervous . i helped her rewrite her resume , preparing for a job search .
nita was playing rummy with her dad . she had lost ten games in a row ! they wagered their points on one last game . nita played hard and well , and she won !
tina was having her first skating competition . she was incredibly nervous . she was afraid something would go wrong . thankfully she did great .
neil took a tour to the taj mahal . he admired the beautiful design of it . then he heard the sad story behind it . neil was impressed by the obvious labor of love .
mark and frank were swimming in mark 's family 's pool . mark 's mother brought out a sponge ball to them . mark and frank had fun tossing the ball back and forth . but then the saturated ball accidentally hit mark 's mother !
ty was nervous about attending summer camp not knowing anyone . the first day , he met sam playing soccer . that night , he met brenda at the campfire . at breakfast the next morning , he met bill .
vince was craving something sweet . vince did not want his usual dessert of ice cream . vince drove his car to yogurtland . vince got 10 ounces of frozen yogurt .
ned wanted to learn to play basketball . he hung out in the school gym watching the team practice . soon he felt confident enough to shoot a few hoops himself . the team watched him play and they cheered .
buck had lost his house and job . ashamed , he sat on the road to panhandle . then a woman approached him and told him about a shelter nearby . buck , intrigued , went to the shelter right away .
josh liked bees . he thought they were good for the planet . one day , josh got stung by a bee . it hurt very much .
last week my girlfriend and i bought three lottery tickets . it 's not something we normally do . we were desperate for money . even a long shot was worth it .
fred always stopped at the same coffee shop before work . he got to know the attractive barista . he developed a crush on her . finally fred worked up the courage to ask her on a date .
jenny was at the store hungry one day . she wandered around thinking about what she wanted to eat . when she came upon the cookie aisle she knew exactly what she wanted . she grabs some cookies and heads towards the front of the store .
bob knocked on the door and asked for jenny . jenny answered and walked outside to the car . jenny and bob drove to the movies . bob and jenny had a good time .
i got a new truck . to celebrate , i went mudding . i drove through lots of mud puddles . my truck got really dirty .
peter was excited to go to the sanders rally in new hampshire . as peter entered the arena it was full of thousands of people . when peter saw bernie he cheered as loudly as possible . he felt thrilled to be there .
josh was writing short stories for a researcher . the researcher was impressed by josh 's stories . the researcher decided to give josh a bonus . josh was happy that he got a bonus .
ethan loved to make youtube videos . however , he was too embarrassed to upload any videos . one day he gained the courage to upload one . soon he had one hundred views !
i was walking in the park one day . a stranger approached me to ask for change . i told the man i did n't have any money . the man kindly said thank you before he walked away .
gina and her friends were outside of the school library . they wanted to go inside . but the librarian was not in in the library . the girls were n't sure where she could be .
ana was swimming in the lake . she swam across the whole lake and to the raft on the other side . she prepared to swim back , but then she stopped . she saw a huge , scary fish swimming in the water !
a man bought his young son a bicycle . it was the same brand of bike he 'd owned himself as a boy . his bike had lasted until he outgrew it . his son 's bike , though , fell apart after only a few weeks .
jaime wanted to ask jack to go to the school dance with her . after school she waited for jack outside of the front door . when jack was exiting he was walking hand in hand with another girl . jaime froze unable to speak .
billy 's friends thought that he was a scaredy cat . they dared him to go into the haunted house . he decided to go in and even stay the night there . despite how scared he was he stayed the entire night .
ana had just had a baby girl . she wanted her girl to have pierced ears . she took her baby to the studio and had her ears pierced . then she fastened tiny diamond studs into the piercings .
sally wanted to do something special for her mom . she went and bought her a dozen red roses . her mom loved them putting them in vase on the table . they admired the roses while they ate dinner .
when i was sixteen i stole some hats . i had the money to buy them , i just did n't . before i could leave the store the security had already grabbed me . they handcuffed me and walked me through the mall .
matt started playing baseball when he was seven . now seventeen year 's old he still had not hit a homerun . today was not only his last game , it was also the championship . bottom of ninth , matt was up at bat with two strikes to his name
it was cara 's sweet sixteen . she had a massive party with her friends . when the party was done , her parents told her to go outside . when she went outside she saw a brand new car .
darlene just moved to a new city and has no friends . darlene was looking for shelves in thrift stores for her new home . a customer and cashier struck up a conversation with darlene . they seemed friendly and had similar interests .
jake is one of my roommates . he took a gap year last year to work as a chef in australia . since the dining hall food was subpar we decided to cook . he taught me how to cook and season a steak .
yesterday i went to the animal shelter . i have been in search of the perfect dog for my family . i fell in love with a dog named toby . after introducing him to my cat we decided to take him home .
tony was tired of stale store bought bread . he called his mom and got her bread recipe . tony gathered the ingredients that he needed . tony baked the bread according to the recipe .
selena was a music artist with a lot of fans . one of them was too obsessed . he kept following her places in public and sending her creepy messages . she decided to go to the authorities .
sam loved breakfast . he particularly loved frozen waffles . he would make four of them every morning when he woke up . when he woke up this morning three were in the box , not four .
a young toddler was climbing up a chair in his living room . as he climbed , his foot slipped and he fell to the ground . the boy started crying very loudly . his mother heard him from in the kitchen and ran over to him .
rick was trying to go to sleep . but there was a fly flying around his room . the noise of it was so irritating . but he was too exhausted to try to catch the fly .
my friends wanted to play dungeons and dragons last week . we got together with drinks and started to play . things quickly deteriorated as we kept drinking . eventually we pretty much stopped playing and just hung out .
jen screamed out her window that no one cared about her . her neighbors yelled for her to shut up . jen screamed even louder and now with profanities . the neighbors called the cops .
logan and maria decided to make a film together . they wrote the script and hired the actors . after a lot of work , finally the film was done . they invited everyone to come see it .
sam was sitting on the train reading the paper . he was on his way to a new job interview . sam felt extremely nervous . a kind man sat next to him and offered him advice .
a little girl wanted a puppy . her parents told her no . she started to cry . she cried and cried until her parents caved .
sara eagerly awaited december 1st to come . when it finally did she went to her shed and pulled out tons of boxes . slowly she started unpacking them and organizing their contents . she then began decorating the outside of the house .
kate had been working out for months . she also kept a healthy diet . her friends had n't seen her in a while . when they finally did they were impressed by her dedication .
robert was a math genius . robert put in extra time and effort in his studies . he was invited to a statistics contest for young children . he was determined to win at all cost .
john was on a road trip . suddenly he felt a strange bumping . he pulled over and checked his tire . it was flat as a pancake !
in the autumn samantha always gets a craving for apple cider . she dedicates a saturday to drive to an orchard . samantha walks the trails to enjoy the colorful leaves . she buys a few gallons of cider before she leaves .
john had n't studied for his math test . the weather forecast was calling for snow . he went to bed hoping he would be saved by a snow day . when he woke up the next day school was cancelled .
four outlaws camped in blood gulch . they thought that they were safe , so they let their guard down . the sheriff was hot on their trail . he found them them early in the morning while they still slept .
josie found a spider underneath her bed . she sprayed a can of lysol all around the bed frame . josie saw the spider crawl up the wall . she swats the wall with a piece of paper .
a man named nick was walking down the street . he noticed a small leather wallet in the grass . he picked it up and it was filled with cash . nick decided to give the wallet to the police station .
ken was on vacation in the tropics . he was learning to scuba dive . he passed his certification course and then dived every day . soon he was learning lots of facts about the ocean and exploring .
i turned on the news one day . i saw sad news that there were hostages in a venue . i watched for a while and they said the hostages were shot . i cried and held my girlfriend who was with me .
anne always wanted one of the lilies that grew in the pond . they were so far out , she could never reach them . one summer she took a rake and attempted to pull one in . to her shock , she still could not get the lily !
brian looked up a recipe for pork chops on the internet . he chose the recipe calling for barbecuing the pork chops . he followed the instructions and carefully prepared the ingredients . after going through all the steps , brian tasted the pork chops .
james was at the gym playing basketball . his clothes were soaked from running up and down the court . he forgot to bring spare clothes to change into . james had to run to his car in order to avoid the cold weather .
gina was given lunch detention . she was expecting worse . she fought the smile that tried to creep across her face . she did n't want the principal to know she was relieved .
cole was given coal for christmas as a gag gift . cole was young and took it very seriously . cole was well-behaved for months after that . eventually cole forgot about the incident .
mike was tired of work and needed a vacation . unfortunately , mike had no idea where he should go . he then decided to spin a globe and go where his finger landed . mike 's finger landed on hawaii .
tiffany bought a bag of microwave popcorn . she did n't read the directions . she put the bag in the microwave and pushed the popcorn button . minutes later she smelled something horrible .
we went snow skiing for my wife 's birthday . in the lift line , we started talking to another couple . we found out that they were celebrating the wife 's birthday . the four of us had drinks in the lodge that night .
nan felt guilty because her pets were alone all day while she worked . she considered getting rid of them , but knew she 'd miss them too much . she realized the boy next door got home from school at 3:00 every day . she offered him five dollars a day to spend some time with the cats .
one friday night we all pitched in and got a huge pizza . my brother bit into a slice that had a piece of gum on it . disgusted , we called the pizza place to complain . they came by our house and denied everything .
henry ran across a baked goods sales . the young lady gave him a small muffin . he took a bite out of it . however , a worm came out of the hole .
bob had recently just purchased his dream car . the only thing he did n't like about it was the color . he took it to the paint shop to get it repainted . he waited a week and then picked it up from the shop .
my aunt is a nurse . she often talks about long hours at work . last week was especially bad . she did n't have a single day where she did n't work late .
joe was walking home one night . out of nowhere , a man approached and stabbed him . joe was badly injured ! he staggered to the nearest hospital .
fred just bought some new patio furniture for his house . he built it and set it all up outside himself . that night there was a bad rainy storm . the next day fred saw that the rainy had ruined his new furniture .
jordy ran outside happily . he looked up at the sky to see countless snowflakes . with a gleeful yelp , he began constructing a snowman . when he was done , jordy looked thoughtfully at his creation .
john was a student in law school . he was having a tough time learning all of the material . john decided to do something about this . he met with the professors and got extra tutoring .
harold was a mailman doing his job . he had one package with a mysterious address . harold looked all over town , but could not find the house . he went to his van and looked it up in his database .
amy wanted to get a manicure . she went to the nail salon near her job . the lady finished and asked if she wanted fingernail polish as well . amy chose a bright red nail polish color .
david went to john 's lake house for the weekend . john 's family owns a boat , so they took a ride . it was david 's first time ever being on a boat , so he was nervous . the boat was going fast and david started having fun !
nancy walked inside the subway store . she asked for a footlong chicken sub . however , she looked away when it was being prepared . she noticed that it was a half of a foot long .
after math class , i decided to go to the library . i caught up on some assignments . i had to wait several hours for my mom to pick me up . since i was extremely tired , i fell asleep completely .
it was a beautiful , warm , fall day . amy decided to go outside to enjoy the weather . she sat on the porch swing watching the squirrels run around . just being outside began to lift her low spirits .
on saturday , we went to the beach . i applied sunscreen before we left . i did not read the instructions well . i did n't reapply sunscreen throughout the day .
jane wanted to learn how to juggle . jane consulted with a professional juggler to teach her . jane went to three classes with the professional juggler . after three weeks , jane was juggling .
tim like pasta a lot . he would make it every night for dinner . one night he did n't have the sauce for the noodles . he did n't know what to do at first .
grandpa asked betty if she wanted a drink . betty said she wanted milk . grandpa did n't know if she wanted chocolate or strawberry . betty would n't tell him which kind of milk she wanted .
bella sat by the campfire with her friends . they all had s'mores dangling over the fire , warming up . each one of them took turns telling a scary story . when it was her turn she made sure to put her best acting to use .
jasper notices that he has begun to develop dandruff in his hair . he feels very embarrassed about this . jasper decides to buy a special anti-dandruff shampoo . finally he notices that the dandruff is going away .
jane needed a new kidney . only bob was a match . bob did n't know jane , but that did n't matter . bob gave jane his kidney .
amy arrived home from her vacation . she went to the baggage carousel to claim her luggage , all souvenirs ! but as she waited , she grew nervous , not seeing her luggage . she went to the help desk and informed them her luggage was missing .
paige was trying to quit smoking cigarettes . it was hard because she had been smoking for ten year 's . she slowly cut down how much she was smoking . after awhile she stopped having cravings .
gina was hungry . she was on a road trip and only had sweet snacks . her dad insisted they keep driving instead of making a food stop . her mother agreed with him .
ray and his friends planned to go to the beach . so ray worked out to build up his muscles . when ray and his friends went to the beach , they noticed ray 's body . ray was happy to be the center of attention .
cristin went to a music festival . one of kristin 's favorite bands should be performing at the festival . she found out that her favorite band 's performance was cancelled . cristin is frustrated that she did not get to see their performance .
paul worked as order taker at a fast food drive thru . customers noticed he had a really nice voice . people suggested he should work in radio . paul quit his job at the fast food restaurant .
larry regretted that he had n't seen his aunt in months . he decided to take the long trip to idaho to see her . larry packed his bags and drove to idaho . his aunt was very happy to see him .
amy was going to buy coffee to beat her coffee crash . but there was no coffee machine in the school for kids . there was however a soda vending machine . amy just needed to decide which soda had the most caffeine .
reba worried that she was going to be a killer , like her father . he went to prison for murder . reba spent her entire life doing good deeds . she became a nun , and comforted orphaned children .
cindy cooked and cleaned every single day . she grew tired of doing all the cooking and cleaning by herself . cindy said she was not going to cook until she got help cleaning . the family had beans every night until they realized she was serious .
jeb liked peppermint candy . he always had peppermints in his pocket . one day , he saw a pretty girl buying peppermints in the store . he decided it was a sign and boldly asked her out on the spot .
billy liked sitting by the pond . he would take a book and sit under the tree . his book was about frogs . he looked out onto the pond and a frog was staring at him .
i decided to add a new fountain pen to my collection . i 'd seen online videos of a nice pen called a pelikan m800 . so i went to the pen shop at my local mall . the shop had just the model of pen i wanted .
jen was invited to a christmas party . she went with a close guy friend . they drank wine and talked with the couples that were there . as the group sang carols , jen and her friend kissed .
tom always wanted to be a singer . he 's been practicing since he was 5 years old . he auditioned for american idol and got in . the hosts all liked his voice .
jay went to the chicken wing festival in buffalo , new york . he bought a ticket to sample dozens of wings . he ate all different flavors of wings . jay was so stuffed full of buffalo wings at the end of the festival !
my neighbors are always playing loud music . it 's not so bad during the day . they also play it at night , unfortunately . i finally asked them if they could lower the volume .
joe was an amateur prospector . he went out in the hills to look for gold . instead of gold , he found many small blue and green stones . he gathered them all up to be appraised in town .
robert 's dog passed away last month and he 's still upset . his wife wants to distract robert with something . she suggests they go shopping for a new dog . robert tags along and discovers that he loves looking at puppies !
lulu was excited to try the new candy store in town . she immediately woke up early and ran over to it . thankfully she was the first one to arrive . as soon as she walked in she grabbed a bucket .
teresa 's mom was pregnant . teresa was excited to have a new baby sister . however , when the baby came , she felt otherwise . she felt like her parents were not giving her any attention .
sal was nervous on his first day of high school . and as he sat in class , he felt intimidated by his peers . at lunch time , another student approached him . and that student felt the same way as sal .
my roommate is a slob . he never washes the dishes but always uses them . i found an old one with mold in it . the smell was atrocious .
jason loves using a macintosh at home but his office uses only pcs . he has trouble becoming familiar with the pc operating system at work . jason buys a pc at home to become more familiar with it . soon he has become an expert in using a pc
my wife had mlk day off . she slept in , and did not get up until 10 am . we had a leisurely breakfast . she watched little house on the prairie while i surfed the net .
i woke up one morning very hungry . i looked through my house but did n't find anything . i found a box of pancake mix eventually . i decided to cook several of them to eat .
keri was babysitting her niece on a weekday . she needed to put her to sleep early . unfortunately the niece had too much energy . keri convinced her to do exercises with her .
kim wakes up and decides to drive to the mall . she gets there and promptly spends 250 $ on a pair of shoes . later , she finds a purse to match the shoes . after buying an outfit to match , she decides to head home .
erica had to decide whether to take her final or go help friends . school was important to her , but her friend was in an emergency . erica told her professor her situation . the professor said she could make up the final at a later date .
my old neighbor used to take halloween too far . his costumes were very elaborate . one year , he decided to be jason and hide under his garage door . he scared everyone , and the whole neighborhood complained .
ben was waiting at the crossroads for a lift from his friend tom . tom had said that he would pick him up at 8:00 pm and it was after 9 . ben was frightened by odd noises he heard coming from the darkness . after a while tom walked out of the shadows laughing .
barry loves bowling . however , he needed to find a place where he could bowl regularly . barry looked through the yellow pages for a nearby bowling alley . barry decided he would go bowling on saturday at the new location .
the family prepared the food and packed it away . they walked to the nearest park . they laid out a blanket and began to set out their food . everyone enjoyed sandwiches , fruit and more .
brad and allison love texas country music . brad found out there was a concert happening nearby . he invited allison to go to the concert with him . allison accepted the invitation .
melissa had wanted to be a news reporter on television . even since she was little , she practiced on camera . her obsession followed her all through school . she attended college for journalism and made high marks .
dot was tired of the being the strict mom . she picked up her kids , and took them straight to an ice cream parlor . from there they went to the movie theater , to see a superhero movie . they had popcorn and candy for dinner , with cookies for dessert .
it snowed so hard that school was called off for the day . the boys put on their coats , hats , gloves and boots and went outside . they built a tall snowman and a snow fort . they had a snowball fight .
i was walking to the mall . someone was calling me and i decided to pull out my phone . i had a hard time getting it out since my pockets were tight . the phone ended up jumping out of my pocket .
bobby always enjoyed watching snow fall . when snow begins to fall from the sky he watches it . sometimes he 'll go out and stand while watching . the snow always sounds and feels nice .
garry was nervous about his grades . recently , garry failed a math test , and a english test . it is required that garry have good grades to be on the football team . garry 's coach found out about his failing grades , and spoke with him .
evan complained about everything . his girlfriend started making him dinner , but he said it smelled bad . she was so offended ! she left mid-cooking , leaving the meal unfinished .
john made fun of his sister when she said yoga was a workout . he thought he was in great shape because he played basketball . one day his sister took him to a yoga class . he could n't keep up with all the women .
ava needed to go shopping with her two-year old . but she could n't find his shoes even after looking everywhere ! she decided she had no choice but to buy him new shoes . she carried him into the store in order to select a new pair .
harry was tired of the hot summer days . he decided to go swimming with his friends . harry called his friends and set up the plans . they all met up at a local lake and drank beer and swam .
danny wanted to learn how to make fried rice . his friend decided to teach him . his friend went to his house and taught him . danny tried making it for himself .
meghan was hired as a scientist ii for a company . she loved her job and was very good at it . after a year , meghan wanted more responsibility at work . she talked to her boss and had an evaluation .
core broke her parents glass antique vase . she was afraid of being caught . she swept the glass under the rug . her parents came and took of their shoes .
bob got a rubix cube for christmas . he struggled to solve the puzzle . eventually , he was able to solve half of it . but , the full solution remained elusive .
tim wanted to do something for his girlfriend on her birthday . tim planned a romantic getaway in the bahamas . tim surprised her a week before her birthday . his girlfriend was so grateful for the vacation .
suzie decided to make her grandmother 's spaghetti sauce . she made the sauce . she added mushrooms . she added the seasonings .
last weekend i wanted to buy some shoes . i needed a new pair from work so had to look for a place to go . i decided on the mall seeing as how they have a large variety . once i got there , i quickly went to the store i had selected .
gabby did n't have much money . she was working a minimum wage job . she spent the rest of her money on a lottery ticket . she got home and scratched it off .
annie 's grandfather needed a heart transplant . he was in the hospital for a very long time . when the transplant happened , her whole family was scared . however , he recovered with great health .
when i was five , i moved . i had to go to a new school . i felt lonely on my first day . a kid walked up to me and introduced himself .
larry was scared of heights . he always planned his travels to avoid any tall bridges . unfortunately for larry , one day he was diverted onto another route . larry started sweating as he saw the bridge looming over him .
jeff is a very quick thinker . he can get out of just about any situation he does n't want to be in . all he has to do is come up with an excuse on the spot to leave . he uses this a lot when he does n't want to talk to his in-laws anymore .
binh decided to wash her cat . she picked up her cat from the deck . then she filled the bathtub with water . binh coaxed the cat into the water to wash it .
i ordered a family meal at a chinese restaurant . as soon as i placed it on the table , my family attacked it . they were eating a lot out of the meal . after everyone ate , there was no food left .
humberto likes to jump on a trampoline . he has never fallen off and hurt himself . while jumping yesterday , he did just that . humberto decided to retire from jumping on his trampoline .
matt met tammy at a nightclub . matt and tammy exchanged numbers after the night . they talked on the phone every day . one day tammy saw matt with her friend emma .
ben was n't paying any attention as he walked past the windowsill . he swung his hand around . it hit the cactus sitting in the window . his hand was full of little needles .
janet was afraid of flying . no matter where she had to go she would always travel by land . one day janet discovered that her mother was sick . she was very worried and the fastest way to get to her was by plane .
it was nate 's turn to sweep the floor this week . he was notoriously lazy . he decided to pay his roommate to do it for him . the roommate took the money and never did the work .
elena was a little person and was very insecure . she thought no one would want to date her . one day , she met a very nice full-sized man . they started dating and he accepted her condition .
when jay found out her older sister was pregnant , she was nervous . while she was happy for her sister , she was scared to be an aunt . jay knew that there would be a lot of responsibility involved . but then , she finally came home from school and saw her nephew .
jon was thirsty . he did n't have running water in his house . jon decided to go buy some water at the store . unfortunately , he got into a car accident on the way .
daria bought a television for her living room . she had the store deliver the television to her house . when the television arrived , daria was excited . the television was her favorite thing .
white roses were lilly 's favorite flower . she grew them in her garden . one day she pricked her finger on a thorn . she thought nothing of it .
jimmy 's mother was sick in the hospital . he went to visit her at the hospital . jimmy brought her flowers and a get well card . her mother was very gracious .
sammy had a terrible stomach ache one morning . but she forced herself to go to school . as she approached the bus , she thought of turning back . but she felt it was too late to change her mind .
karmen was all ready for her trip to tanzania . she got a taxi to the airport . she went through airport security quickly . she caught her flight on time and found her seat .
sandy lived in new york . sandy heard of a dangerous snow storm coming her way . sandy decided to ensure that her home was prepared . during the snowstorm , the power went out .
quentin ordinarily does not enjoy going to company events . although he does n't mind coworkers , he likes to be left alone . one day he decides to attend a company party . he eats some french fries to help himself from feeling awkward .
i use mister spice no sodium sauce . i am on a low sodium diet . i tried to buy some bottles online yesterday . the computer kept rejecting my order , even though the card was active .
dan wanted to go to school on halloween dressed as the devil . he was scared to ask his father for the costume . he asked his grandmother instead . she told him going as the devil is evil .
franz decides he would like to be closer to his family . he books a trip to visit his cousin in philadelphia . franz and his cousin visit museums and drink coffee together . they have a terrific visit together .
i bought a horned toad when i was ten . it was in a department store . the toad looked very fierce . we tried to feed it but it would not eat .
i met nancy for the first time today . before she left , we exchanged phone numbers . despite walking for one moment , she constantly messaged me . i decided to call her and ask to stop calling me .
yesterday kelly headed to cvs to buy some candy . she walked up and down the aisles to find what she wanted . to her surprise however , she ran into an old friend . the two talked for awhile .
don 's first day at the dock 's had some hiccups . he was nervous being around heavy machinery . at one point he dropped a heavy shipment . it almost hit a fellow coworker .
dal needed money to go to college . he started doing the accounting for a local gang . when the feds raided the gang , he was going over their books . he was accidentally shot dead in the crossfire .
today was picture day at school . alice was so excited because her mom had bought her a new outfit . she got up and got dressed and her mom fixed her hair . the photographer said she was very pretty .
nila 's mom was diagnosed with stage four cancer . nila knew her mom did not have a long time to live . nila made sure to provide her mom with a good life until her death . nila fostered many good memories with her mom and they were happy .
a mother looked at the face of her newborn baby boy . she dreamed of their future together . her dream was to give him the childhood that she was not given . she sacrificed time and energy to accomplish her goal .
jessica and her brothers were very excited for christmas . they went to sleep early so they could wake up early . they woke up and ran to the christmas tree . there was only one box under the tree .
jan and kim were both using the montessori education model . kim decided to take away all dragon and fantasy books from her kid . jan was upset that kim made this decision . jan argued that imagination and fantasy was important .
the first day of school i walked there with two of my closest friends . we were all very nervous . when we got to school we checked the class list for third grade . all three of us were assigned to the same classroom !
jeff was angry that his neighbor 's dog always barked in the morning . and the barking always woke jeff up early . one day , his neighbor gave his dog away . and jeff was happy that he heard no more barking .
holly asked her brother to put suntan lotion on her back . he took his time and applied it very carefully . later that day , holly wondered why people were laughing . she later realized her brother had made a design with the lotion .
i used to make fun of my wife for having a nightlight . she was out of town a few days and i went to sleep without it . when i woke up in the middle of the night to get water i tripped . i could n't see the clothes on the ground and got a bad bruise .
amy decided to move from wisconsin to florida . she planned the move for months . on the day of the move she said goodbye to her friends . she drove all the way to florida alone .
kathy went shopping . she found a pair of great shoes . the shoes were $ 300 . she bought the shoes .
amayah 's birthday is coming up . she will be five year 's old . her mom is throwing her a princess party . she is invited a lot of her friends from school .
the boys and i went to the beach today . we took along a frisbee and a ball . while playing in the water some other people joined in . it was great making new friends .
it was friday night so i decided to rent a movie . i headed down to a redbox to get one . after taking an hour to decide i finally picked the departed . i got home and made some snacks , then went to put the movie in .
paula wrote a lot of spoken word poetry . her friends were supportive even though it was bad . they invited her to a party . paula started delivering some spoken word .
after getting off the school bus , i realized that my phone is missing . since there was service on it , i decided to cancel it . the customer service representative did it for me . in addition , he said that there was a call made to jamaica .
today was iris 's fifth birthday ! her mom had planned her a surprise party . all of her friends were there . she opened presents and had cake .
tina always wore a red bikini when she went to the beach . she was known for it and everyone expected to see her in one . one day she met her friends in a blue bikini and surprised them . they could n't understand why she would wear something different .
ted had always dreamed of being a homeowner . however , he had feared that it was a goal he would never reach . one day his father surprised him by saying he would help ted out . ted 's father helped to split the down payment on a home with ted .
evie wandered about the castle for hours . she explored every nook and cranny of the structure . her supervisors quizzed her about what she had learned . she answered their questions brilliantly and with ease .
ed and his twin ethan were looking at women online . then they saw a profile for two twin ladies . they called sami and sara and arranged a date . on their date , all four had a wonderful time .
marco is starting a new job today . he wants to look good on his first day . marco decides to put on a necktie . his new boss is impressed with how good he looks .
tim wanted to travel overseas . he had never been on an airplane before . he decided to travel to china by air . he actually enjoyed the flight !
lucy had a test tomorrow at school and she barely studied . it was already very late and she had to get to bed . the next morning school was concealed due to snow . lucy lucked out and spent her whole day off studying for the test .
fred liked mystery novels . he used to read at least one every month . when his friends found out , they all bought him one for his birthday . but unfortunately , he started getting irritated by the attention .
tia owned her own bakery . in her bakery , she made beautiful cakes . one day , she realized she was out of flour despite having a big order . she called all over the town and finally found some .
sarah went with her friends to the water park . they paid for their tickets and got into their swimsuits . they waited in line for the biggest slide . they went down the slide and had a lot of fun .
jeb was building statues out of rocks . he made one that looked like a turtle . sam came and knocked it down . jeb started crying .
jeff is going on a field trip to the rainy forest with his class . jeff is excited and ca n't wait to go . when jeff arrived he was very disappointed . the rainy forest was n't exciting and there was nothing to do .
dani was a nurse in the icu . one night her estranged father was one of her patients . dani did n't want to , but she treated her father . as he got better , the two of them were able to talk .
gina was at her friend ruth 's house . a girl she did n't know named jane showed up . jane was rude , and stuck up . gina later discovered jane was her enemy joe 's sister .
ella spent a day in the sun . she forgot to apply sunscreen . she got a nasty burn ! but soon it faded and turned to a tan .
neil had just arrived in kenya . he joined a safari tour group . they saw all kinds of exotic animals . neil snapped photo after photo .
gina decided to bake an apple pie for the first time . she was extremely careful to follow the recipe exactly . after putting the pie in the oven , she eagerly waited to try it . it turned out to be delicious !
pablo wanted a jawbreaker . he had no money however . he went through his closet to see what he could sell . he found a toy bear and sold it for 50 cents .
anna rented out a warehouse for a big party . the decorations were great , but something was missing . then anna realized - they needed a disco ball ! she secured a rented ball from a party supply company .
oscar headed over to the nursery to find a tree to plant in his yard . he had a hard time deciding which tree to get . there were a lot of trees to go through . finally , he opted on a bonsai tree .
there was a major basketball game in the gymnasium . me and my friend played on the same team . the game became intense and both teams were tied in the end . there was 4 seconds left on the clock and we needed to score .
dirk was a fine pianist . he often performed out in public for money . during his last performance , one of the keys broke off his keyboard . he finished the performance as best he could , but the music was poor .
eva loved the squirrels in her yard . she began to feed them peanut butter sandwiches . soon they grew used to her . one was especially friendly .
andy loved the beach . he asked his mother if they could go to the beach . his mother took andy to the beach . on the way to the beach , it started to rainy .
i bought a phone case with a lanyard . i needed one for my cell phone . the case arrived without a lanyard . the website said the case had a bracket but not a lanyard .
i changed the sheets on my bed last week . i was tired of the old ones . the new ones look nicer and feel better . i think i will keep them .
chase really wanted a new toy . his mom would not purchase a new toy for him . she advised he save his allowance . he saved his allowance .
renee was inspired by the music of eddie van halen . she decided to learn to play guitar . she bought an electric guitar and an amp . she hated pressing the strings with her fingers .
bill went fishing and caught a lot of fish . he caught so many he had to give some away . his neighbors were poor and were grateful to bill for the fish . the neighbors finally got back on their feet .
last week the internet went out . my wife and i were bored out of our minds . every other option available seemed boring . eventually we just drank and talked for a while .
all tim 's life , he wanted to make music . tim practiced all day , everyday . when tim had enough songs , he called a record studio . the studio decided to record him , and tim was happy .
alex suspected that his cat tigger might have fleas . tigger was constantly scratching himself day and night . alex took tigger to the veterinarian to be diagnosed . the veterinarian confirmed that tigger did indeed have fleas .
haley was a young scientist at a famous laboratory . every day , she worked hard on her current project . one of her colleagues was secretly stealing her research . haley discovered this when he published it in a scientific journal .
sam wanted to throw a party . sam invited all of his friends and neighbors . the party got extremely wild . all of the guests left the party in disgust .
katie could n't sleep . she tiptoed downstairs and into the kitchen . she poured herself a glass of milk . then she heated it in the microwave .
tom was talking to his wife becky who had a bad day at work . he decided to bring home her favorite meal as a surprise . on the way home from work , there was a lot of traffic . after getting the food , he arrived home much later than planned .
they had to pick out a stove for their new house . they could n't decide on a particular brand . they liked the durability of the viking . they also liked the deal with the thermador .
jasmine did not study for her big math test . she figured she could just wing it . jasmine soon realized the test was very difficult . she decided to cheat by looking at her neighbor 's paper .
sam moved to los angeles to become a movie star . he did not have much money but he thought that going is the only way . after two months sam was sleeping in his car and broke . he went to the chinese theater to beg one day .
ben woke up late . ben decided to skip breakfast and went to work . work was too busy to take a break or eat lunch . after work , ben was caught in real bad traffic .
darren was late to work and could not find his car keys . he looked all over his house . he asked his wife were they were . she told him to check his pockets .
i had a job interview last week . my girlfriend helped me pick out a new tie . we went to the store and looked for hours . i found three i liked .
harry loved hockey . he decided to sign up to play for a local league . harry attended the tryouts for the team . harry hoped he did well enough to make the team .
little sue was riding an elephant at the zoo . she like it at first but then got scared . she started to cry for her mom . the zoo keeper had to stop the elephant and get her .
hannah was an amazing artist . she always had a natural gift . she decided to enter in an art competition . thankfully she was able to win the top prize .
jim was taking out the garbage . he slipped on a piece of ice on the sidewalk . jim fell down hard onto the pavement . jim felt something break on his arm .
i hate doing laundry . matching socks is a horrible waste of time . everytime i do laundry socks get lost . i was tired of searching for matching socks .
james was twelve year 's old and loved food . he never really thought about making food until today . his mother let him help fix rice for dinner . james learned how fun and creative cooking could be .
lee knew her mom needed new gloves and could not afford them . so lee began to knit a pair . she hurried to finish them by christmas . then she presented them to her mom .
jennifer was professional copywriter in a large city . she did good work but always received poor remarks on her reviews . jennifer found out that her boss was trying to sabotage her ! she decided to confront her boss about the negative remarks .
lorraine was a softball player . she was the best on her team . one day , during a game , she twisted her ankle badly . she was n't able to play anymore .
abby and tammy were the best of friends . they both loved to do things together that were fun and creative . they decided to make friendship bracelets together and give to others . abby made five and tammy made seven more .
last night there was a big lightning storm . it took out the power . the entire neighborhood did n't have electricity . it got really cold and we got scared .
sal was mad that his parents were moving . they were moving to the eighth floor of a building . he hated living that high . after moving , he took a look out his bedroom window .
lydia had a strange dream last night . she dreamed that she was taking a test at school . as she was taking the test she realized she forgot to put on pants ! she was so embarrassed that she ran right out of the classroom .
alex needed groceries . she made a list of things to buy . she gathered her reusable canvas sacks . she walked to the store .
yolanda hates roller coasters . katie does not understand why . she decided to force yolanda to ride one with her . yolanda vomited all over katie .
one thing that tina wanted to do in nyc was go to a hot dog stand . she finally saw a nathan 's stand and ordered a traditional one . the food tasted amazing . it was expensive but worth it .
tammy likes to crochet . christmas was a few weeks away and she did n't really have money . she got the idea to take the spare yarn she had to make a blanket . she then wrapped it up for her grandchild lorelei .
melinda wanted to go see a scary movie . she wanted to go by herself to prove she was brave . melinda went to the movies and bought a ticket . melinda was very afraid while watching the movie .
lamar learns that he will have unexpected houseguests one afternoon . he does n't have any food at home to give to his guests . he decides to brew a pot of tea for them instead . his guests all enjoy the tea that he makes .
my niece applied for a job at the rmv two year 's ago . she got the job and was excited . they told her she needed a driver 's license , which she did not have . she showed her employer a doctor 's note showing she could not drive .
lela was diagnosed with cancer five years ago . everyday has been a struggle . she went to doctors and treatments almost every day . lela finally started getting better the last few months .
fred was a new student in class . he was really awkward and he had a hard time . nobody seemed to want to be friends with him . later at lunch someone ate with him .
joyce was adopted by her foster mother when she was 5 year 's old . after her adoption her mom adopted 3 more children . joyce loved being an older sister and she helped her mom a lot . when she moved out on her own she became a foster parent too .
horatio had always been afraid of eating a raw oyster . his girlfriend told him that it was delicious , but he was nervous . finally she took him on a vacation to cape cod to try a fresh oyster . horatio took his first bite into a raw oyster and loved it .
tom liked to herd cattle . he did it every day . one day a cow went free . he searched everywhere .
alyssa got some coffee on the way to work . she drank the coffee as she drove . suddenly , she had to quickly stop her car . the coffee spilt all over her lap , scalding her legs .
john was driving down the highway . a mustang pulled up next to him and kept speed . he was driving his new camaro . they decided to race .
ben wanted to win the costume contest at work this year . he spent many hours making his costume from scratch . to add to his costume he applied a lot of stage makeup . at work , everyone was impressed with how he looked .
my mom asked if she can borrow $ 100 dollars from me . considering that she 's broke , i loaned my credit card to her . the next day , my credit card was declined when i tried to buy food . the company told me that i made a $ 320 dollar purchase .
kelly always had the driest hair . she had no clue what to do . finally she went to the doctor . he prescribed her pills .
sarah had a fear of being around others . she decided to force herself to go to a party . at the party , she became dizzy and nervous . sarah decided this was enough , and went to see a therapist .
ellen was at her doctor 's office . she was about to find out the sex of her baby . she was really hoping for a boy ! she held her breath as the doctor scanned her belly .
zoey was taunted by her friends for having a strange name . she liked her name and wished people would n't be so mean . a new show was made that had a main character named zoey . zoey 's name suddenly became very cool to her peers .
miranda just got her driver 's license . she took the family van out for a spin . she drove for a long time . but then she realized she was lost .
bob went to the doctor . the doctor told him that he was overweight . bob realized that he had to get in shape . he joined a gym and started to watch what he ate .
lonnie was trying to figure out what majors to take in college . he knew that his end goal was to be a teacher . he asked the career counselor for advice . the counselor gave him a list of prerequisites .
sherry liked to explore the outdoors . she decided to hike in the state park on a sunny day . while walking along a creek she saw something shiny . bending down , she picked up the shiny item .
phil went for a walk in the park . it was a warm breezy day . he ran into a few friends along his walk . one of them offered him a drink .
dorothy 's cat was pregnant . she did n't know how it happened . she convinced the family to keep the kittens . it wound up having 7 kittens .
jeremy 's mother did n't approve of his lifestyle . when he was 21 , jeremy decided to move out . he found an apartment in a nearby state with a new job . after several years he cleaned up , and finances his own life .
terry realizes his neighborhood has become covered in litter . he wishes it looked as clean as it did when he was young . he decides to pick up cans and cigarette butts every night after work . eventually his neighbors do too and his neighborhood looks better .
i wanted to take a shower after work . i got my clothes and towel from the closet . i went into the bathroom and turned on the shower . i got undressed .
i approached the front of my school . since my brother was at work , i had to wait for him to pick me up . several hours later , i was impatiently waiting . he eventually came before night time .
barry loved to lift weights . he only used his special barbell to lift weights . one day he forgot to bring his barbell ! he decided to do cardio instead of lifting .
amber had been working a lot lately . it was stressing her out a great deal due to other personal issues . she had been dying for a day off to relax . on her day off she hung out with boyfriend rob
carl joined the military right after high school . he signed a short contract that put him on the front lines . his best friend was killed in front of him . happiness became a foreign concept to carl .
eddie liked to watch people use metal detectors on the beach . he watched one man for a while . it had been over an hour and the man had n't found anything yet . eddie secretly buried a pile of quarters in the sand .
when i first met janice , she did n't know how to crack a walnut . i could n't believe she had gotten this far in life without this skill . i offered to teach her many methods to crack nuts . she accepted .
amy walked home from volleyball practice alone . she called and told her friend kim she was the worst player . amy felt like a loser just saying it out loud . kim reminded her it was the first day , and she would improve .
beth was taking a shower when she heard a loud knock on the door . she did n't want to answer and waited for it to go away . the next time she took a shower , she heard the loud knock again . but when she rushed out of the shower to answer , no one was there .
joe went to college for art . he graduated with a degree in painting . he could n't find a job . he then responded to an ad in the paper .
bob picked up his glasses from the table . he slipped them in his backpack to wear at school . he needed them to see the board . in science he put them on .
i was really nervous before my first middle school dance . i was surprised my crush said yes to begin with . when we finally got the chance to dance i stepped on her foot . it wound up broken .
my friend went out one night looking to find love . he ended up getting pretty drunk . the next thing we knew he was flirting with a gay man . after a while , we lost track of our friend .
benjamin went to the park today . first , he hung upside down on the monkey bars . after that , he went sliding down the slide . then his mom pushed him on the swing and he went really high .
megan and i walked home from school near a busy street . i saw three blue cars pass by in a row . we decided to count the blue cars . megan and i sat on the curb all afternoon .
kelly decided to have a house party . her parents were going away so she decided to have one . she invited all her friends . when they got there they had a good time .
james realizes one afternoon that he has n't left his house all day . he decides he will go for a run in the park . he had a long jog around the lake in his local park . when he gets home he feels tired but satisfied .
lars realizes that a lot of snow had accumulated on his deck . he decides he should shovel some of the snow . lars works long all afternoon until the snow is cleared . when he is done , he goes inside for a shower .
matt suspected his wife ginny was having an affair . he began to sneakily read her emails . he found some emails that were from another man . reading them , he saw that his suspicions were true .
mike used to play racketball with perry . they would reserve a court a couple times a week . but one time mike hit perry by accident in the back of the head . perry was not very happy about that .
sydney needed to do the laundry . she sorted her dirty clothes by color . she dumped the first load into the washer . she added the detergent and fabric softener .
there was a hurricane coming and we had to evacuate . we packed what we needed and headed to the other side of the island . we waited out the storm there with family . when it was over we packed our things and went home .
tom bit into the snickers bar and felt a jabbing pain . a small pebble in it made one of his teeth snap in half ! he rushed to the dentist . because it was an emergency , they saw him right away .
rufus wakes up and notices that his hat is gone . at first he can not remember where it might be . finally he realizes he wore it to the bar last night . rufus returns to the bar to get his hat .
alexia was excited to get a new dog . she had wanted a new dog for ages . finally her parents agreed to get her one . they drove her to the kernel to pick one up .
dan wanted to find the perfect gift for his mother 's birthday . he shopped at the mall for hours and was unable to find anything . he came home disappointed and without a gift . his mother saw his face when he walked in and asked what was wrong .
bill was poor . bill had a minimum wage job . he could barely pay his bills . bill decided to get a degree in computer science .
jane loved her new high heels . she wanted to wear them out . she wore them dancing to the club . within minutes her feet hurt too much .
jose is an immigrant . he and his family came here from mexico . jose wants to take a trip to visit his other family members mexico . he plans diligently and purchases the necessary travel items .
hannah was feeling very stiff and inflexible . she decided to enroll in yoga class to improve her flexibility . she was terrible at yoga and for months she did not improve . but , she decided to stick with it and keep trying .
the teacher announced that there would be a pop quiz . the students let out a collective groan . this was the second pop quiz in a week . as the teacher began handing out the quizzes , the fire alarm rang .
carla was worried that her daughter ann was overextending herself . she 'd seen her daughter 's free time disappear with her new clubs . it all came to a head when ann brought home a d on a test . ann promised to work hard , begging to be allowed to stay in her club .
gina 's family was visiting her grandma in illinois . it was the first day , and gina was the last to wake up . she went to the kitchen to have breakfast . the family had already eaten most of the food .
james had a birthday coming . he wanted a hunting bow . his mother went out and bought him one . he forgot to ask for arrows for the bow .
a young girl named taylor had always wanted a pet . one day her mother surprised her with a trip to the pet store . they both entered the store and looked around . taylor had a hard time deciding which animal to adopt .
zeke was throwing a halloween party . all his friends were dressing up . zeke thought about being a vampire or a wizard . then he decided on a scarier costume .
janet always wanted to be in movies . she finally landed a role in a big film . it was going to debut nationwide last week . unfortunately it was delayed .
marge begged her husband bill for a backyard pool . he finally relented , and the pool was installed . soon , marge was throwing weekly pool parties . at one party , she saw a curvy neighbor in a bikini talking to bill .
rosie the quarter horse whinnied irritably . farmer jones still had not brought her morning oats . feeling naughty , she snuck toward the apple orchard . farmer jones did n't know about the low spot in the fence , but rosie did !
rick was at the bar when he saw a driver license on the ground . he asked around if it was anybody 's there . of course it was n't , and rick did n't want to leave it with a stranger . so he decided to drive to the address of the license owner .
i started a diet yesterday . i ate healthy food the entire day ! today i saw pizza in the fridge . my willpower broke and i ate all 5 pieces .
sam and his wife were busy packing for their trip . he was really looking forward to this trip . he was excited to be able to spend a lot of time with her . they finished the packing and then smiled at each other .
stan wanted to go on an adventure with eric . but eric 's mom said that eric could not come out and play . stan begged and pleaded , but to no avail . eric sneaked out of his house and knocked on stan 's window .
greg like to throw anything he could get his hands on . one day he threw a stone as far as he could . it went through the window of his neighbors house . he was scared but wanted to do the right thing .
brad went to the beach . he made a sand castle . he jumped into the ocean waters . he swam with the small fish .
our puppy went outside to play . he rolled in the mud , which got caught in his fur . once inside the house , we sent him to the bathroom . he jumped in the tub for a bath .
jerry had just learned to ride a bike and was excited to go for a ride . he started down the street near his house when he hit a pothole . his bike stopped immediately and flip him over it . he lay there screaming for help with no one in sight .
i decided to pay a visit to someone i 've been dating online . i never seen her in person , but i trust her . the airplane flight took several hours . when i arrived at the hotel , she said she 's in front .
i hired a social media manager . i thought they would drive more traffic to my website . they spent most of their time reading other people 's posts . my traffic actually went down in the following month .
sam 's parents were out for the weekend . he decided to host a party . many people came . the partiers ended up trashing the house .
today was the first day of school . i got to wear my new outfit that mom bought . i met a lot of new friends . my favorite class is music .
sam bought a new television . it would not turn on . he pressed the on button several times . finally jeb came over to check it out .
one day matilda was extremely bored . so she picked a name and address out of the phone book . she wrote a silly letter to that random person . and the recipient wrote back to matilda !
bill and teddy were at the bar together . bill noticed a pretty girl . he went up to her to flirt but she did n't like him . he was too drunk to talk properly .
last night was very scary . we had a tornado warning and terrible thunderstorms . unfortunately my concert for violin was not canceled . i was required to show up but during the performance lights went out .
janey and lynne decided to go to the movies . janie wanted to see a comedy , but lynne wanted to see a thrill . when they got to the movie theater , they decided to make a compromise . they chose an action movie that had both comedic and thrilling parts .
oliva wanted to go shopping . she decided to go to the mall . she found a great sale on shoes . she bought three pairs .
we are moving to a brand new house . our old house is now too small for our family . we 've packed all of our things . i 'm very excited to move to our new home .
shawn woke and rose from the bed at 8:07 am . he reached for his cigarettes but the pack was empty . shawn then threw on some sweats and headed to the corner store . there , he purchased a pack of newports .
nickie had a toy doll . she loved her doll very much . one day she lost her doll . nickie cried all day .
anna has lost twenty pound in three months . her friends are n't sure what her secret is . last week they decided to ask her . she said she was working out and eating better .
bob wanted a hamburger . but he also wanted to eat healthier . so he decided to make a veggie burger . bob thought it was n't as good as a normal burger .
after being injured , tommy needed to go to the doctor . quickly , his mother drove him downtown . there were a lot of people in the waiting room ! after a while , a nurse came to see tommy .
maggie wanted to paint her room . she wanted to have a pink room . she ask her mom to buy her paint . the next day maggie painted her room .
ken met a nice man online , and they decided to go on a date . they met at a nice restaurant and shook hands . ken and his date ordered food and had small talk . while they ate , ken decided that he really liked the man .
gary has a crush on jamie . he gets very nervous around her . one day , he tried to show off in front of her . instead , he fell down a flight of stairs .
liz decided she was going to try to grow tomatoes . she had never grown anything before . she purchased seedlings from the garden center . all summer she looked after them like they were children !
bill wanted a sandwich . he got up and went into his kitchen . he gathered the materials for a sandwich . he made a sandwich .
jack had his own pencil . it was blue with stars . one day he could n't find it . he looked everywhere .
i went to the store to buy a phone . it was extremely advanced . i brought it home and called all my friends . they wanted to see it too .
john was cooking dinner last night . he was making pork chops . unfortunately , he dropped a pan and burned himself . he had to go to the hospital .
jenny found someone stole her lunch twice in the break room this week . she asked around and found out who did it . she confronted the person and they denied it . jenny had security look at the camera footage .
emma liked to paint . for her friend 's birthday , she gave her a painting . another person saw the painting at her friend 's house . she called emma and asked her to create paintings for her restaurant .
tom liked to look at old cars . for his birthday , his family got him tickets to a classic car museum . tom thought it was a wonderful gift . his family accompanied him to the museum .
johnny takes a trip down the stairs at his home . now johnny has a bruised knee . his mom comforts him . eventually johnny feels better .
mike is a busy man . he often eats fast food for breakfast . mike wanted to enjoy a healthier breakfast . he tried an overnight oatmeal recipe .
my teacher showed us how to build a wooden bird house . everyone began to start on the experiment . i tried connecting the borders with nails . i ended up hitting my finger with the hammer .
josh liked watching anime tv shows . when he criticized one of them , its fans got angry with him . josh did n't understand why they could n't accept criticism . josh kept his opinions to himself .
john loves to eat at buffets . they are his favorite because he gets to eat as much as he wants . there was this great buffet right near his apartment he would go to . he found out that they went out of business last week .
jimbo has been working at the same job for years . he always takes his smoke break at the same time . this week they got a new boss . the new boss does n't allow smoke breaks .
lester was infatuated with christina . he was a photographer and she was a graphic designer . lester spent all his free time with christina . finally , she said she loved him and wanted children with him .
i decided i needed to finish a sunday crossword . i turned off my computer so i would n't cheat . i turned off the tv so i would n't be distracted . i opened the paper to the leisure section .
i thought about getting a new hat for my head . after looking through images , i picked one out . this hat is going to be amazing ! i quickly went to the store to purchase the hat .
julia baked a cake . when it had cooled , she was ready to frost it . she covered it in pink frosting . then , she made little frosting flowers .
whit has a dog . it sleeps all the time . it does n't just sleep like a normal dog . it snores like a human .
amy arrived home from volleyball practice and sat on the couch . her mother walked in and gasped . she told amy she needed to shower since she was sweaty . they argued since amy thought it was no big deal .
today was pinwheels for peace day . my teacher took the class towards the front of the school . everyone planted pinwheels near the stop . when we looked at the wheels from afar , they were spinning .
beth was expecting her first child . she was home doing light cleaning on a sunday afternoon . all of a sudden her water broke . beth was in labor for 2 days .
mia had never tried falafel . she did n't think she would like it . however , her friends talked her into trying it . she realized it was delicious !
i was bored when my daughter went to kindergarten . i began to substitute teach at her school if a teacher was sick . i became very interested in why some kids have a harder time learning . this led me to take a bunch of classes on special education .
gary always brought his lunch to work . today gary could n't find his lunchbox . he figured he would just buy something out of the machine at work . when gary took his lunch , he found out the machine was broken .
jake was trying to fall asleep . he had an important test tomorrow . he rolled around in his bed all night . he tried drinking a big glass of warm milk .
i was walking through the park one day . i noticed a man sitting by himself . i walked up to him and asked how he was . he told me about how he was very ill and sad .
joe was interested in einstein 's general theory of relativity . he watched several documentaries about einstein . then , he read a book on the theory of relativity . joe learned quite a lot about einstein 's scientific achievements .
bonnie needed a new job . she searched the newspaper employment section . she found a listing for a job as a nanny . she called the listed number to arrange an interview .
amy was playing in the back yard with her friends . suddenly she saw a small snake slither across her arm ! she shrieked and ran , but not before the snake bit her hand ! amy was terrified and called an ambulance right away .
jerry told all his friends he was running a marathon . he had some of them sponsor him . he never actually prepared for it . he was freaking out on the day of it .
dave loved the outdoors . one day he decided to go on a hike . as he walking on the trail , he heard a hissing sound . to his right on the ground was a rattle snake !
logan always loved being outside . one day , while playing outside with his dog , logan was stung by a bee . he cried in pain and raced home . logan 's mother put ice on the sting until it felt better .
skip 's grades in school were getting worse and worse . his parents considered getting him a tutor . they noticed , however , that skip was squinting a lot . they realized he needed glasses and not a tutor .
rae 's family sat down for sunday lunch . rae 's brother accidentally spilled his drink . rae 's stepfather yelled and threw his plate across the room . rae watched the plate shatter into a million pieces .
gina and her friend lisa were listening to music in the garage . gina hoped her other friends would come over and join them . she called them , but no one answered . the girls decided to dance to cure their boredom .
the kids were very excited about christmas . they have been good all year . they sent a letter to santa . santa responded back in the mail .
i was feeling ill . i scheduled a doctor 's appointment . i went to see the doctor . he ran some tests .
christian 's school was starting football tryouts . christian decided to try out for the team . he practiced every day . he tried out for the team .
tim and gina both hated doing the dishes . they would each alternate which week to do them . last week gina was n't able to get to hers . she had been working longer hours than usual .
timmy asked his mother for a pet . she told him that she could not afford to buy him one . timmy was sad but he understood what his mother said . the next day , timmy found a turtle in the creek .
jen brought her cat lee to the vet for a checkup . the veterinarian , doctor mike , found three fleas on lee . doctor mike suggested a flea dip to jen . jen refused because she did not want lee to be dipped in chemicals .
mish got the text telling her she could leave now . quickly , she ran to her car , keys in hand . she knew she had limited time , so she drove fast . when she got to the train station , she checked her watch .
gina was searching for her phone in her dad 's car . she was sure it would be there . but after checking everywhere she could n't see it . she ran in the house and grabbed a flashlight .
sarah had an appointment to interview for a job . she put on her best skirt suit and headed to the interview . as she sat at the interview , sarah noticed a run in her stockings . she was so focused on the flaw , she merely mumbled her replies .
linda and her boyfriend were hungry . she wanted to eat tacos . he wanted to eat fish . they both felt powerful , and could n't decide what to eat between them .
morris buys himself a skateboard to stay active . he brings the skateboard to the park for a day of skateboarding . he notices that he is much older than the other people there . however , they welcome him , and they do n't seem to mind his age .
ron liked to drink a lot of beer . his dad and his mom were both alcoholics . ron decided it was best if he did n't drink anymore . he finally quit after 6 months .
jane wanted long hair . so she let it grow for months and months . but it became difficult to take care of . and when it was summer , hair long hair made her too hot .
alex awoke to bright sunlight . she looked at her clock alarm . she realized she must have overslept ! alex jumped out of bed .
i was eating lunch with friends at a new place . i asked for a coke . they told me they only had pepsi products . they asked me if i was fine with that .
carl was in florida and enjoying the day in his house . he was watching tv and out of no where an alert popped up . the alert warn the residents of a chance there will be a tsunami . carl was scared and began evacuating .
we woke up this morning to light snow falling . we 're excited that school is cancelled for the day . everyone went outside to play in the snow . we built a snowman and used a carrot for the nose .
a squirrel had been visiting joe 's backyard . it would get a few feet from joe then scurry away . joe was trying to get it to take a peanut from his hand . one day the squirrel finally did .
arnold bought a new television . he paid cash . after a couple of weeks it stopped working . he tried to return it but had lost his receipt .
eric was barely a day over 21 . but he already had a drinking problem . eric woke up and yelped the nearest bar . he hopped in his car half asleep and headed to the place .
ellie was at dancing as hard as she could at a new club . all of a sudden she realized she felt an unusual breeze . the seam of her pants in the back had ripped all the way open . she quickly backed off the dance floor .
driving home from work the other day i got a flat tire . it was rainy and cold out . i could have called the towing company but chose not to . instead i changed the tire myself .
i found my shoes uncomfortably stiff . i went out and bought some new shoes . i tried to break them in over time . they still felt too stiff for me .
marcus was just starting his first flying lesson . he was learning to fly small commuter planes . he was nervous to take the plane up in the air . his instructor helped him take off from the airport .
larry has decided to help out his friends prepare for a party . he needs to bring a salad to the party . larry slices tomato , lettuce , and other vegetables for the salad . when it is finished , he feels great .
sarah had never been on a boat before . today her mom took her to the pier for her very first boat ride . sarah was very excited . she stepped on the boat and heard the engine roar .
neil wanted to see a historical spot on his trip to london . he took a bus tour to an old prison . it was called the tower of london . neil learned the history of the impressive tower .
i bought a backup drive for my wife 's iphone . she was running out of space on her phone . she has 1200 photos on her phone . i tried to back up her photos to a drive , but failed .
doug 's wife was upset with him . as a way to ask forgiveness he decided to buy her a new car battery . he changed it out and made sure her car was working properly . she appreciated the gesture .
grace always loved playing tricks on the teacher . her favorite trick was to hide all of the chalk from the teacher . one day as she was hiding the chalk , the teacher caught grace . she was suspended from school for two weeks .
jane 's mother made a very good apple pie . jane always wanted the recipe but her mother would n't give it to her . one christmas , she asked her again for the recipe . jane 's mother decided that she would give her the recipe .
mark opened the back door of the restaurant and walked outside . it was the time of the day to take out the trash . halfway to the dumpster , he saw many birds , feeding on the trash . he had gone hungry before so he knew all things must eat .
last night we wanted to order a pizza . half of us wanted pepperoni . the other half wanted sausage . i made a decision .
simon noticed a moving truck in front of the house next door . the family moving in had a teenage daughter and simon was smitten . he worked up the courage to go over and introduce himself . she was shy but friendly and receptive enough to encourage him .
johnny was on his local little league team . one saturday , his team had a very important game . his parents were able to attend . johnny 's team won the game .
ben was late for class . his teacher yelled at him . he came in late the next day . his teacher wrote a note to his parents .
ally wished for her boyfriend to pick her out a beautiful ring . she left jewelry store fliers on the counter . next , she circled rings in magazines . she even mentioned them out loud in phone conversations .
i was so excited yesterday that usher released a new song . i immediately purchased it . when i listened to it i was blown away . i immediately put it on my phone .
a new band wanted for their song to get popular fast . they bribed several radio djs to play their song all at the same time . when people tuned in the radio , the same song played on all stations . they became a huge success overnight .
annie was the top gymnast in her class . she received many awards and competed a lot . one day after a competition she remembered overdue homework . her teacher would not let her turn in the homework .
patricia was spell-bound as soon as she looked into a microscope . she could n't believe there was another world she could n't see . immediately she knew she was going to become a biologist . the next 8 years , she studied science in school and college .
lily never really enjoyed sports . over the summer she watched the women 's world cup with her family . she was inspired and decided to join a soccer team . the team had been playing for a while and she was behind .
marisse went to the auction to look for some items . at the registration desk , they asked her for her credit card . she took out some cash instead and used that as a deposit . she went on to bid on some storage lockers and won two .
one year , jessica went to summer camp . she had a great time . the following year , she was too old to attend the camp . however , she was old enough to work there .
gina had gotten her phone back from a teacher . he had kept it 2 days . her mother was becoming suspicious . now she would be able to keep it secret that it was ever taken .
meg could n't find her favorite gold earrings . she was beginning to suspect the new maid had stolen them ! her husband admonished her to search the house more carefully . meg realized that perhaps they had been vacuumed up by mistake !
marcy wondered about the kids . she had been in the kitchen and had n't heard them in awhile . usually , when the kids were quiet , they were getting into something . marcy looked in the bedrooms and did n't see them .
ori 's mom sent him off to the market . she admonished him to remember the brown eggs . but ori could n't find them at the market . he had to check three different stores .
a week before christmas , abby and her family got together . they went to a local nursing home , wearing santa hats . they went from room to room , singing christmas carols . some of the patients sang with them .
maggie and her classmates went to a zoo for their field trip . they saw monkeys , gorillas and panda 's first . after that , they saw snakes and lizards ! they even got to feed some of the baby animals .
vianna was a full-time college student . she did not have a job and she needed money . she searched online for ways to make money from home . she found a site named amazon turk and started working from there .
everyone in my family got together for thanksgiving . it was a long journey for many , but they made it . we all sat together and ate dinner . after dinner , we visited and caught up .
jim complained that his wife never did the dishes . she then complained that jim never cooked dinner . the next day they decided to switch their roles . the meal was horrible and dishes did n't get cleaned well enough .
lina has two kids . lina was cleaning their rooms and realized their drawers were stuffed . she began to sort through the clothes . lina had a big pile of clothes that were too small for her kids .
anna wanted a banana milkshake . her local ice cream shop did n't have that flavor . she went home and got out her blender . then she added her own bananas and ice cream .
i got into my car and closed the door . i turned the engine on and started to drive . i was headed in the direction of the gas station . it was lunch time and i was starting to get hungry .
tommy recently landed a position on his school 's debate team . they were having a debate tonight . he was pretty nervous . when he got there , the entire school was watching .
jill was a high school student . she dreaded having to go to class . one day , she decided to ditch school . her parents found out the next day .
alex was getting fits of dizziness . he was so nervous that he checked his symptoms online . the online results convinced him that he had a terrible disease . he scheduled an appointment with his doctor in a hurry .
chris went shopping for a new car . while on the lot , he saw plenty of cars but none that he liked . he was about to leave when he spotted it . the shiny red car was right in front of him , begging him to buy it .
at a party on friday everyone decided to play musical chairs . the game involved dozens of people . eventually it was narrowed down to two . it was two girls .
henry wanted to play a scavenger hunt for his son 's birthday party . a list of items to retrieve was created first . he turned to neighbors and nearby businesses for help . after placing items in appropriate places he had to create the hints .
jake had a hard time making friends at his new school . he had low self esteem and felt did n't deserve to have friends . one day he met john who happened to feel the same way . john and jake soon became best friends .
sean was born into an irish immigrant family . he was always proud of his irish heritage . his family kept customs , ate irish food , and watched irish sports . sean saved up money and paid for a big trip to ireland .
todd was not careful with his electrical appliances . he plugged in an old toaster with a frayed cord . when he was out of the room , he smelled a strange sound . the toaster had caught fire !
beth was making mashed potatoes from scratch . after cooking the potatoes it was time to mash them . her mother did n't have a food processor , beth had to mash by hand . it was hard work which took hours .
john and sue often kissed at school in between classes . they were told not to do it but they did anyway . one day the principal caught the two kissing . they were both suspended for a week .
biff wanted to watch a western movie . biff also wanted to watch a movie in theaters . westerns had lost favor with the public and none were showing . biff decided to screen a classic western himself .
after i got out of the bus , i walked to the front of the school . i was happy to see some of my friends again . when i walked into first period , it was very familiar . the teacher seemed very good .
ashley 's dog has fleas and is scratching himself . ashley was very worried that she would get fleas as well . she went to the store and put flea and tick shampoo . ashley then went home and gave her dog a bath .
i lived in the south end of boston from 1968 to 1981 . it was a run down section of town . i bought many books there , since they cost only ten cents . i revisited the shop in 1991 .
my daughter had been begging for a pet . her birthday was coming up . i visited the pet store to do some research . the workers helped me make a decision .
kaylee always wanted a puppy . on her birthday her parents took her to a farm . there were lots of beagle puppies there . her parents told her she could pick a puppy for her birthday .
neil was backpacking europe . he had just arrived in dover . he loved how friendly the people were ! he also loved their delicious food .
alice wanted to go to school to become a veterinarian . she worked hard all throughout high school to have good grades . she even volunteered at the local zoo to pad her resume . when the time came , she applied to many different schools .
my laptop did n't want to work . it stopped turning on for some reason . i tried a few different things to fix it . finally i got a new charger off the internet .
my laboratory professor was explaining today 's lab . he told us not to pour water followed by an acid . while i was looking at my notes , i barely paid attention . when the experiment began , i poured water before an acid in a tube .
jack liked to take trips on the weekends with his friends . they often liked to go skiing in the mountains . jack theorized that this weekend would have perfect skiing weather . he told his friends to drive with him up to the resort .
brad was sick with a cold ! he wanted to go out and play ! he was too weak to move . his mother gave him soup and medicine .
barry had only one thousand dollars left in his bank account . he needed to find a job . he searched for 3 months . eventually , his money ran out .
michael likes to go to the beach but has trouble swimming . during a beach trip his friends made a dare to him . they told him to go into deep water and he did . michael got tired when he was out and started to yell for help .
juan wanted to make tacos for his family tonight . he went to the grocery store and bought the ingredients . as he was preparing dinner he realized he forgot the tortillas ! he wanted to go back to the store but it was closed .
lena was sick . lena was sad because she would n't see her friends at school . so she took her vitamins . she got better quickly
jim was farting a lot more than usual . his wife became concerned because they smelled unusually terrible . she insisted that he go see a doctor . jim 's doctor told him he is becoming lactose intolerant .
tim bought a new lamp today . he went home to set it up . tim opened the box and followed the instructions . he assembled the lamp within five minutes .
sandy had taken dance for ten year 's . she was about to graduate and wanted to tryout for dance team . she practiced and practiced . on the day of tryouts , she broke her toe .
gina and her friend tami were walking to their classroom . down the hall gina could see he bully who had tripped her . gina tried to keep her composure . she took a deep breath and put on a weak smile .
morgan loved tea . she bought a travel mug to bring tea with her to school . she drank all of her tea on the drive to school . so , when she got to school , she had to fill up with more hot water .
beth started collecting dolls . she bought dolls online and at flea markets and antique shops . soon beth 's house was full of dolls . when a friend came to visit , there was no room to chat in the house .
jim was in a go cart race . he designed his go kart by himself . while he raced , his tires fell off . he did n't know what to do .
bob was warm and tender towards his wife . he wanted to get her a very special gift for valentine 's day . he asked all the people he knew what he should get her . they all had different opinions , leaving bob confused .
ida had tickets to a two-day outdoor music festival . she was sad when it began to rainy on day one . but then she saw that other attendees were n't upset . they just danced in the rainy , so i followed suit .
jeff was walking home to only see a tornado at a distance . jeff knew he was in danger so he went to a nearby house . he rang the doorbell and asked if he can stay until tornado dies off . the homeowner let jeff inside .
charles was happy to meet a record company executive on facebook . charles asked to write about the executive 's artist . the executive said yes , as long as the story was published . vibe magazine offered to publish the story on speculation .
anna wanted to bake a cake for her mom 's birthday . she tried twice , but both cakes fell flat . then she found a solution . she went to the bakery and bought a cake .
ron had just found out that his family was moving to a farm . ron was nervous . he knew nothing about animals . but when he got to the new home , he was surprised .
ron has anger problems . during a trip to the store , he got angry at a slow cashier . the cashier was sassy , and egged him on further . ron grabbed the cashier by the shirt , and pulled him over the counter .
my friend and i decided to start a band and perform for our families . i was singer and my friend played guitar . we practiced in my garage . eventually , we got pretty good .
a boy jack had been asking his parents to get a puppy for months . after all the time he asked they finally gave in and said yes . jack spent about thirty minutes looking online for a puppy . he found one in the area that he lived .
on a cool saturday afternoon amy was in her backyard alone . she was practicing her volleyball skills when her dad came out . he offered to help her practice . amy was grateful .
jon loved the night sky . he would spend many of his nights looking at the stars . his mom saw that he loved the night sky . his mom bought him a telescope .
jack went on a trip to the store . he really needed to buy some eggs . he looked everywhere but could not find them ! he asked the clerk where they were .
jimmy climbed on to the counter while his mom was distracted . he nimbly scurried to where the stove burner glowed red . jimmy screamed when his outreached hand touched the burner . his mom appeared instantly and whisked him away from it .
billy buried some treasure in his backyard . he drew a map so he would n't forget where he 'd put it . years passed and billy 's family moved . decades later , he went back and used his map to dig it back up .
my mom took me grocery shopping . she let me pick out all the food . i picked out a lot of candy and snacks ! then , she went to the register and paid for it all .
mike always had golden retriever dogs when he was growing up . now that he had a steady job , he felt ready to have a dog too . mike got a golden retriever and named him spot . now mike and spot take walks in the park every weekend .
joe got fired from his job . he was sad . he needed money for bills . he called up grant .
jimmy needed to learn to code for his job . he looked online for a lesson . he found a website to teach him to code . every day he applied himself to the endeavor .
rakesh decides that he would like to cook lobster for dinner . he visits the local seafood market and picks a huge lobster . rakesh brings it home and boils it in water . he eats the lobster with butter and corn on the cob .
when i was sixteen i learned to drive . the first time i got into the car i lost track of the brake pedal . i did n't know how to stop ! my dad had to turn on the emergency brake .
ron woke up and looked out the window . the street was covered in a foot of snow ! school was canceled that day . ron spent the whole day playing in the snow with his friends .
my brother loved candy . he ate a lot of it . he left the wrappers on the counter . our mother scolded him for it .
brad wanted eggs for breakfast . brad was all out of eggs ! brad cried for a long time . brad 's mother came home with eggs !
paulo had always wanted to serve in his student council . however , he was worried he would n't be elected . paulo asked many students for their support in the election . finally on election day , paulo was elected to student council .
patrick 's parents raised ducks . one day , patrick was playing near the ducks . one of the ducks started chasing him ! the duck caught up to patrick and bit him on the leg .
last night i attended a cocktail party . i wore my new white dress . everyone at the party loved it . however to my dismay i spilled wine all over it .
i am a different person than i used to be . i used to be heavyset but i lost weight . i took up swimming and lost the weight . i worked out three times week and ate healthy every day .
kelly went to a celtics game yesterday . she loved going to games . the clock was ticking and time was running out . thankfully the celtics won .
jane 's girlfriend works at a flower shop . she never gets tired of her work . one day jane decided to get her a rose . even though her girlfriend saw many a day she loved it .
michael loved to go hiking in the woods on weekends . he had never made it to the top of a mountain . one day he climbed very high , and finally reached the top . he could see land and water on the other side of the mountain .
damon lost his wallet with his id in it . he searched all over the house . he could n't find it anywhere . he eventually just went and got a replacement id .
david and mia rarely got to go out since they had young children . one friday , they were finally able to get away to see a movie . they were looking forward to it so much , but it turned out to be bad ! in fact , it was so bad that they could barely contain their giggles .
bob was going to take his daughter to see grandma . the two drove to grandma 's house a few miles down the street . grandma welcomed them with open arms . the 3 of them had a big dinner at night .
sue 's cat was nowhere to be seen . sue searched for her cat for hours until she heard purring outside . her cat was stuck in the tree . sue called up the fire department .
ava brought home a catfish . she put it into her tank . she was n't sure how the other fish would react . she watched apprehensively .
i love to go to the movies . i used to go almost every single weekend . there was a theater about ten minutes from my house that was decent . it closed down though and now i have to drive far to see movie .
i bought a new car today . it is shiny and red . the inside smells so fresh and clean . i love the car so much .
teresa was an artist . she made a beautiful sculpture of an angel . she entered it into an art contest . the judges liked the sculpture very much .
my dog waited for me by the house front door . we walked to the park for playtime and exercise . the dog and i walked around the block before returning home . when we walked through the front door , she took a big drink of water .
matt found a puppy wandering down the street . it looked lost and scared , so matt took it home . matt 's mom called some neighbors , and eventually found its owner . the puppy 's owner was so relieved to know his puppy was safe !
mike bought a new bike to ride in his town . he cycled from his house to a friend 's house . on the way he met a group of kids riding bikes as well . neiter mike nor the kids were wearing helmets at the time .
lucy placed a pan of food into the oven . she set a timer and sat down to watch television . after awhile , she smelled smoke . quickly , she checked the timer and realized it never went off .
tim 's history class was first thing in the morning . he arrived to class very tired . he started to nod off . when he woke up , class was almost over .
amy called her internet provider for help . she explained her issue to the representative . they person gave an answer that in no way acknowledged her issue . amy repeated her issue to no avail .
sam regretted not starting his history essay earlier . he typed up his closing paragraphs . all of a sudden , his screen was covered in a large blue error message . sam shrugged and restarted his computer .
doug and molly decided to go the park to take a walk . while they were there they found a stray dog . they carried the dog back to their apartment . they posted an ad online to try to find the owner .
bill 's father told him to keep practicing his piano scales . he was an expert pianist , and wanted the same for his son . bill was too young to understand the value of practice . he bitterly sat at the piano , playing his scales over and over .
carlos decides to take a walk to get fresh air . unfortunately , he slips on a wet leaf in the park . carlos has hurt his knee on this walk . he limps home .
lance wanted to have a romantic evening with his wife . he put the kids to bed early and started dinner . he forgot to check the cooking and burned down the kitchen . his wife arrived to the fire department .
keith went to a pet store to see the animals . the store had fish , small animals , and a few puppies . the fish were of all different colors and sizes . keith petted a few of the puppies .
maria wanted to learn spanish . she decided to fully immerse herself in it . she bought a one way ticket to spain . after six months , maria could speak fluent spanish .
jay got stuck in an elevator on his way out of his office . it stopped between floors and the lights flickered . jay was terrified ! he battled his claustrophobia for two hours .
ben was babysitting . he had never babysat before and he was nervous . he found that the little boy was fun to watch , though . soon he and the kid were laughing and playing games .
ted always wanted to be a senator . he finally got the chance to run . he was eager to make a difference . unfortunately a personal issue derailed his campaign .
julie had a pretty pink ball that she loved to bounce outside . one day , it bounced too far and went into the street . it rolled down the hill and over the curb . it then rolled into the creek .
the hubby and i decided to have a date night tonight . we have n't had one in almost a year . mama came over to watch the kids . we went to dinner and a movie .
bob decided to hike in the jungles of indonesia . he bought a plane ticket and packed his bags . when he arrived , he realized he forgot his malaria vaccine . he decided to hike the jungle regardless .
john had had a bike since he was 14 . john is now in his early 40 's . john 's son , carl , just turned ten . carl showed interest in his dad 's bike in the garage .
kim had eaten deer meat without knowing what type of meat it was . she found the thought disgusting . she ran to the bathroom as she gagged . by the time she reached the bathroom the gagging had subsided .
carl looked into a telescope for the first time at 9-year's-old . he was immediately breath-taken and full of wonder . he decided he had to learn more about the cosmos . he studied science and astronomy through high school and college .
julie had a coworker named barry who loved to make trouble for others . barry told julie , who was new , that she should dress up for halloween . julie , who was naive , came to work dressed as a cat on halloween . she was the only one in costume !
james loved to challenge himself physically . he decided to begin training for a marathon . james began running every day before work . finally james ran the marathon .
i was riding my bike to work one summer morning . i was a little late , so i was in a hurry . i was biking a little recklessly . to my dismay , my reckless biking caused me to get in an accident .
gina whispered to mary in detention . the girls giggled together . gina could tell the teacher was n't pleased . they continued to whisper .
daniel got home from a night out on the town . he noticed the lights in his home would n't turn on . he checked the fridge . it was not on .
the cop pulled me over at night . he said i had been speeding . he went back to his car . i waited with the lights flashing behind me .
melissa was tired of trying to get her son up for school everyday . he was always late going out the door . melissa asked her mother for advice . she decided to try one of her mother 's suggestions out .
mark was a pro wrestler . he was getting ready for a big fight . he was nervous but practiced tediously . on the night of the fight he had won all rounds .
rex has always wanted to visit argentina . he saves up his money for the big trip . finally he has booked his flight to argentina . he eats delicious food and drinks many types of wine .
ken really wanted to play the organ . one day he saw one at a yard sale . he stopped by the house and negotiated a price . ken then loaded the organ into his truck .
jay and bella loved fish tanks . they had everything they needed for a new tank except for some plants . they set the tank up and ordered some plants from a web site . it took 2 weeks for the plants to arrive .
may invited her friends for a picnic in the park . after she arrived , she realized she had forgotten the ice ! now none of the drinks would be cold ! luckily , her friends had a sense of humor .
sandra had always wished for a pet turtle . she told her parents she would be responsible for it . at first her parents did n't agree . eventually sandra convinced her parents she should get a turtle .
a group of children played marbles one afternoon . or at least , they tried to . there was a great deal of arguing . ultimately , they gave up and played something else .
francisco was excited to become an accountant one day . he knew that he would have to work hard to achieve that dream . he studied accounting at the local university . he passed all his exams !
jessica wanted to feed the birds without buying feeders . she gathered a bunch of pinecones under the trees . strands of ribbon were attached to each one . she rolled the pinecones in peanut butter and bird seed .
last friday i ate lunch with my niece . we went to a restaurant that had a jungle theme . my niece was excited because the restaurant was so cool . we ate our meals , and shared a dessert .
betsy comes home late one night and wants to eat something simple . she notices that she has spaghetti and sauce in the house . she quickly cooks and eats a pot of spaghetti . after eating , she falls asleep on the couch .
han and leia once fought in a great battle together . leia 's brother also fought with them . they were all heros . many year 's later , han and leia had a child .
gina was not supposed to use her phone in detention . so when she dropped the phone she knew it was trouble . the teacher held the phone and stared at her . gina pretended it was n't her phone .
jill had problems breathing one day . she went to the doctor and she discovered she had anxiety . she began to practice meditation . her anxiety is now under control .
jan had to pick up her daughter after class . in a hurry , she drove to school in housecoat and slippers . jan waited in the car for her daughter , who did n't show up . worried , jan went to the door of the class to find her daughter .
sara was a dancer . she was practicing for her recital . as she went to go on pointe , she heard a loud pop . sarah broke her big toe .
pat takes a bus from new york to new jersey every day for work . he does n't like his commute . year 's go by and pat is now an old man . he realizes he should have moved to new jersey years ago .
todd played hockey . tonight was the big game . all his friends would be there . he was nervous .
joan kept waking up from her roommate playing music . she complained that she had trouble sleeping . her roommate promised to be more considerate . her roommate began wearing headphones .
a man named pete got off of work . after work , he drove to the gym . he went into the gym and found a workout machine . while working out , pete worked up a sweat .
clare wanted to go for a walk . so she went outside and walked around her block . but the sun began to rise . and clare began feeling hot .
nina needed cash for a prom dress . she decided to deliver papers to earn money . she rode her bike passing out papers . after a week , it was time to collect her pay .
gina and her friend tami were walking around the playground . they talked for 5 minutes . now they were out of thing to discuss . gina racked her brain but could find nothing to say .
harry was especially talented at computer repair . his mother called him over to fix her computer . he could not figure out what was wrong with it . finally , he realized the problem .
i 've noticed a lot lately that people are scamming good requesters . just today i watched them scam a requester i had grown to love . after thinking about what to do i decided to send an email . the requester was very responsive and decided to talk to me .
stacy bought a bag of chips . she took them to the park to eat a snack . her friend kevin was also at the park . stacey shared her chips with kevin .
dana 's mother came to visit for a week . dana 's husband glenn thinks her mother is trying to poison him . during breakfast glenn stomach starts to cramp . glen becomes outraged .
kendall was exhausted . she had about twelve different shows to do this fashion week . the work was tiring . thankfully the pay was good .
when i was young we used to drive from florida to michigan yearly . we would pack up all our stuff and load them into the truck . we would leave early in the morning to make the most of our time . driving , eating , and sleeping were the only reasons we would stop .
gill 's favorite character was columbo portrayed by peter falk . gill had seen every episode . gill even owned all of them , including the many later seasons . gill started acting like columbo sometimes .
chad wanted to bowl a perfect game . last saturday he came close . he had all strikes and only needed two more . he missed his second to last one .
he watched in anger from outside the window . the lovers were oblivious to his presence . he burst through the door and was atop them in moments . the other man struggled but he was too weak to prevent his own demise .
ivan got bitten by a mosquito on a forest hike . the bite was red and itchy , but it did n't bother him at first . then it swelled up terribly and became sore . a doctor looked at it and told ivan the bite was infected !
paige was a very good student . she always got the best grades out of her friends . however one week she got very sick . she fell behind in her studies .
one day , john met a cute girl named jessica . he enjoyed talking to her and spending time with her . john asked jessica to go out with him on a date . she said yes , and they had a good time .
the flute that sits on the shelf covered in dust . one day a man comes in the store and takes it home . this man wipes away the dust . he starts playing a song .
maggie was scared and excited to go on the space mountain ride . her and her mother waited in line for what seemed like two hours . when the line was shorter the two got to the front . they stepped in the cars and put on their seatbelts .
$10-worth New Year Gift for You
Make your 2022 productive
with LINER Premium

Dismiss
Open the gift
Project Gutenberg's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, by Lewis Carroll

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org


Title: Alice's Adventures in Wonderland

Author: Lewis Carroll

Posting Date: June 25, 2008 [EBook #11]
Release Date: March, 1994
[Last updated: December 20, 2011]

Language: English


*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK ALICE'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND ***










ALICE'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND

Lewis Carroll

THE MILLENNIUM FULCRUM EDITION 3.0




CHAPTER I. Down the Rabbit-Hole

Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the
bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the
book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in
it, 'and what is the use of a book,' thought Alice 'without pictures or
conversations?'

So she was considering in her own mind (as well as she could, for the
hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure
of making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and
picking the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran
close by her.

There was nothing so VERY remarkable in that; nor did Alice think it so
VERY much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself, 'Oh dear!
Oh dear! I shall be late!' (when she thought it over afterwards, it
occurred to her that she ought to have wondered at this, but at the time
it all seemed quite natural); but when the Rabbit actually TOOK A WATCH
OUT OF ITS WAISTCOAT-POCKET, and looked at it, and then hurried on,
Alice started to her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she had
never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch
to take out of it, and burning with curiosity, she ran across the field
after it, and fortunately was just in time to see it pop down a large
rabbit-hole under the hedge.

In another moment down went Alice after it, never once considering how
in the world she was to get out again.

The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way, and then
dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think
about stopping herself before she found herself falling down a very deep
well.

Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she had
plenty of time as she went down to look about her and to wonder what was
going to happen next. First, she tried to look down and make out what
she was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything; then she
looked at the sides of the well, and noticed that they were filled with
cupboards and book-shelves; here and there she saw maps and pictures
hung upon pegs. She took down a jar from one of the shelves as
she passed; it was labelled 'ORANGE MARMALADE', but to her great
disappointment it was empty: she did not like to drop the jar for fear
of killing somebody, so managed to put it into one of the cupboards as
she fell past it.

'Well!' thought Alice to herself, 'after such a fall as this, I shall
think nothing of tumbling down stairs! How brave they'll all think me at
home! Why, I wouldn't say anything about it, even if I fell off the top
of the house!' (Which was very likely true.)

Down, down, down. Would the fall NEVER come to an end! 'I wonder how
many miles I've fallen by this time?' she said aloud. 'I must be getting
somewhere near the centre of the earth. Let me see: that would be four
thousand miles down, I think--' (for, you see, Alice had learnt several
things of this sort in her lessons in the schoolroom, and though this
was not a VERY good opportunity for showing off her knowledge, as there
was no one to listen to her, still it was good practice to say it over)
'--yes, that's about the right distance--but then I wonder what Latitude
or Longitude I've got to?' (Alice had no idea what Latitude was, or
Longitude either, but thought they were nice grand words to say.)

Presently she began again. 'I wonder if I shall fall right THROUGH the
earth! How funny it'll seem to come out among the people that walk with
their heads downward! The Antipathies, I think--' (she was rather glad
there WAS no one listening, this time, as it didn't sound at all the
right word) '--but I shall have to ask them what the name of the country
is, you know. Please, Ma'am, is this New Zealand or Australia?' (and
she tried to curtsey as she spoke--fancy CURTSEYING as you're falling
through the air! Do you think you could manage it?) 'And what an
ignorant little girl she'll think me for asking! No, it'll never do to
ask: perhaps I shall see it written up somewhere.'

Down, down, down. There was nothing else to do, so Alice soon began
talking again. 'Dinah'll miss me very much to-night, I should think!'
(Dinah was the cat.) 'I hope they'll remember her saucer of milk at
tea-time. Dinah my dear! I wish you were down here with me! There are no
mice in the air, I'm afraid, but you might catch a bat, and that's very
like a mouse, you know. But do cats eat bats, I wonder?' And here Alice
began to get rather sleepy, and went on saying to herself, in a dreamy
sort of way, 'Do cats eat bats? Do cats eat bats?' and sometimes, 'Do
bats eat cats?' for, you see, as she couldn't answer either question,
it didn't much matter which way she put it. She felt that she was dozing
off, and had just begun to dream that she was walking hand in hand with
Dinah, and saying to her very earnestly, 'Now, Dinah, tell me the truth:
did you ever eat a bat?' when suddenly, thump! thump! down she came upon
a heap of sticks and dry leaves, and the fall was over.

Alice was not a bit hurt, and she jumped up on to her feet in a moment:
she looked up, but it was all dark overhead; before her was another
long passage, and the White Rabbit was still in sight, hurrying down it.
There was not a moment to be lost: away went Alice like the wind, and
was just in time to hear it say, as it turned a corner, 'Oh my ears
and whiskers, how late it's getting!' She was close behind it when she
turned the corner, but the Rabbit was no longer to be seen: she found
herself in a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of lamps hanging
from the roof.

There were doors all round the hall, but they were all locked; and when
Alice had been all the way down one side and up the other, trying every
door, she walked sadly down the middle, wondering how she was ever to
get out again.

Suddenly she came upon a little three-legged table, all made of solid
glass; there was nothing on it except a tiny golden key, and Alice's
first thought was that it might belong to one of the doors of the hall;
but, alas! either the locks were too large, or the key was too small,
but at any rate it would not open any of them. However, on the second
time round, she came upon a low curtain she had not noticed before, and
behind it was a little door about fifteen inches high: she tried the
little golden key in the lock, and to her great delight it fitted!

Alice opened the door and found that it led into a small passage, not
much larger than a rat-hole: she knelt down and looked along the passage
into the loveliest garden you ever saw. How she longed to get out of
that dark hall, and wander about among those beds of bright flowers and
those cool fountains, but she could not even get her head through the
doorway; 'and even if my head would go through,' thought poor Alice, 'it
would be of very little use without my shoulders. Oh, how I wish I could
shut up like a telescope! I think I could, if I only knew how to begin.'
For, you see, so many out-of-the-way things had happened lately,
that Alice had begun to think that very few things indeed were really
impossible.

There seemed to be no use in waiting by the little door, so she went
back to the table, half hoping she might find another key on it, or at
any rate a book of rules for shutting people up like telescopes: this
time she found a little bottle on it, ('which certainly was not here
before,' said Alice,) and round the neck of the bottle was a paper
label, with the words 'DRINK ME' beautifully printed on it in large
letters.

It was all very well to say 'Drink me,' but the wise little Alice was
not going to do THAT in a hurry. 'No, I'll look first,' she said, 'and
see whether it's marked "poison" or not'; for she had read several nice
little histories about children who had got burnt, and eaten up by wild
beasts and other unpleasant things, all because they WOULD not remember
the simple rules their friends had taught them: such as, that a red-hot
poker will burn you if you hold it too long; and that if you cut your
finger VERY deeply with a knife, it usually bleeds; and she had never
forgotten that, if you drink much from a bottle marked 'poison,' it is
almost certain to disagree with you, sooner or later.

However, this bottle was NOT marked 'poison,' so Alice ventured to taste
it, and finding it very nice, (it had, in fact, a sort of mixed flavour
of cherry-tart, custard, pine-apple, roast turkey, toffee, and hot
buttered toast,) she very soon finished it off.

  *    *    *    *    *    *    *

    *    *    *    *    *    *

  *    *    *    *    *    *    *

'What a curious feeling!' said Alice; 'I must be shutting up like a
telescope.'

And so it was indeed: she was now only ten inches high, and her face
brightened up at the thought that she was now the right size for going
through the little door into that lovely garden. First, however, she
waited for a few minutes to see if she was going to shrink any further:
she felt a little nervous about this; 'for it might end, you know,' said
Alice to herself, 'in my going out altogether, like a candle. I wonder
what I should be like then?' And she tried to fancy what the flame of a
candle is like after the candle is blown out, for she could not remember
ever having seen such a thing.

After a while, finding that nothing more happened, she decided on going
into the garden at once; but, alas for poor Alice! when she got to the
door, she found she had forgotten the little golden key, and when she
went back to the table for it, she found she could not possibly reach
it: she could see it quite plainly through the glass, and she tried her
best to climb up one of the legs of the table, but it was too slippery;
and when she had tired herself out with trying, the poor little thing
sat down and cried.

'Come, there's no use in crying like that!' said Alice to herself,
rather sharply; 'I advise you to leave off this minute!' She generally
gave herself very good advice, (though she very seldom followed it),
and sometimes she scolded herself so severely as to bring tears into
her eyes; and once she remembered trying to box her own ears for having
cheated herself in a game of croquet she was playing against herself,
for this curious child was very fond of pretending to be two people.
'But it's no use now,' thought poor Alice, 'to pretend to be two people!
Why, there's hardly enough of me left to make ONE respectable person!'

Soon her eye fell on a little glass box that was lying under the table:
she opened it, and found in it a very small cake, on which the words
'EAT ME' were beautifully marked in currants. 'Well, I'll eat it,' said
Alice, 'and if it makes me grow larger, I can reach the key; and if it
makes me grow smaller, I can creep under the door; so either way I'll
get into the garden, and I don't care which happens!'

She ate a little bit, and said anxiously to herself, 'Which way? Which
way?', holding her hand on the top of her head to feel which way it was
growing, and she was quite surprised to find that she remained the same
size: to be sure, this generally happens when one eats cake, but Alice
had got so much into the way of expecting nothing but out-of-the-way
things to happen, that it seemed quite dull and stupid for life to go on
in the common way.

So she set to work, and very soon finished off the cake.

  *    *    *    *    *    *    *

    *    *    *    *    *    *

  *    *    *    *    *    *    *




CHAPTER II. The Pool of Tears

'Curiouser and curiouser!' cried Alice (she was so much surprised, that
for the moment she quite forgot how to speak good English); 'now I'm
opening out like the largest telescope that ever was! Good-bye, feet!'
(for when she looked down at her feet, they seemed to be almost out of
sight, they were getting so far off). 'Oh, my poor little feet, I wonder
who will put on your shoes and stockings for you now, dears? I'm sure
_I_ shan't be able! I shall be a great deal too far off to trouble
myself about you: you must manage the best way you can;--but I must be
kind to them,' thought Alice, 'or perhaps they won't walk the way I want
to go! Let me see: I'll give them a new pair of boots every Christmas.'

And she went on planning to herself how she would manage it. 'They must
go by the carrier,' she thought; 'and how funny it'll seem, sending
presents to one's own feet! And how odd the directions will look!

     ALICE'S RIGHT FOOT, ESQ.
       HEARTHRUG,
         NEAR THE FENDER,
           (WITH ALICE'S LOVE).

Oh dear, what nonsense I'm talking!'

Just then her head struck against the roof of the hall: in fact she was
now more than nine feet high, and she at once took up the little golden
key and hurried off to the garden door.

Poor Alice! It was as much as she could do, lying down on one side, to
look through into the garden with one eye; but to get through was more
hopeless than ever: she sat down and began to cry again.

'You ought to be ashamed of yourself,' said Alice, 'a great girl like
you,' (she might well say this), 'to go on crying in this way! Stop this
moment, I tell you!' But she went on all the same, shedding gallons of
tears, until there was a large pool all round her, about four inches
deep and reaching half down the hall.

After a time she heard a little pattering of feet in the distance, and
she hastily dried her eyes to see what was coming. It was the White
Rabbit returning, splendidly dressed, with a pair of white kid gloves in
one hand and a large fan in the other: he came trotting along in a great
hurry, muttering to himself as he came, 'Oh! the Duchess, the Duchess!
Oh! won't she be savage if I've kept her waiting!' Alice felt so
desperate that she was ready to ask help of any one; so, when the Rabbit
came near her, she began, in a low, timid voice, 'If you please, sir--'
The Rabbit started violently, dropped the white kid gloves and the fan,
and skurried away into the darkness as hard as he could go.

Alice took up the fan and gloves, and, as the hall was very hot, she
kept fanning herself all the time she went on talking: 'Dear, dear! How
queer everything is to-day! And yesterday things went on just as usual.
I wonder if I've been changed in the night? Let me think: was I the
same when I got up this morning? I almost think I can remember feeling a
little different. But if I'm not the same, the next question is, Who
in the world am I? Ah, THAT'S the great puzzle!' And she began thinking
over all the children she knew that were of the same age as herself, to
see if she could have been changed for any of them.

'I'm sure I'm not Ada,' she said, 'for her hair goes in such long
ringlets, and mine doesn't go in ringlets at all; and I'm sure I can't
be Mabel, for I know all sorts of things, and she, oh! she knows such a
very little! Besides, SHE'S she, and I'm I, and--oh dear, how puzzling
it all is! I'll try if I know all the things I used to know. Let me
see: four times five is twelve, and four times six is thirteen, and
four times seven is--oh dear! I shall never get to twenty at that rate!
However, the Multiplication Table doesn't signify: let's try Geography.
London is the capital of Paris, and Paris is the capital of Rome, and
Rome--no, THAT'S all wrong, I'm certain! I must have been changed for
Mabel! I'll try and say "How doth the little--"' and she crossed her
hands on her lap as if she were saying lessons, and began to repeat it,
but her voice sounded hoarse and strange, and the words did not come the
same as they used to do:--

     'How doth the little crocodile
      Improve his shining tail,
     And pour the waters of the Nile
      On every golden scale!

     'How cheerfully he seems to grin,
      How neatly spread his claws,
     And welcome little fishes in
      With gently smiling jaws!'

'I'm sure those are not the right words,' said poor Alice, and her eyes
filled with tears again as she went on, 'I must be Mabel after all, and
I shall have to go and live in that poky little house, and have next to
no toys to play with, and oh! ever so many lessons to learn! No, I've
made up my mind about it; if I'm Mabel, I'll stay down here! It'll be no
use their putting their heads down and saying "Come up again, dear!" I
shall only look up and say "Who am I then? Tell me that first, and then,
if I like being that person, I'll come up: if not, I'll stay down here
till I'm somebody else"--but, oh dear!' cried Alice, with a sudden burst
of tears, 'I do wish they WOULD put their heads down! I am so VERY tired
of being all alone here!'

As she said this she looked down at her hands, and was surprised to see
that she had put on one of the Rabbit's little white kid gloves while
she was talking. 'How CAN I have done that?' she thought. 'I must
be growing small again.' She got up and went to the table to measure
herself by it, and found that, as nearly as she could guess, she was now
about two feet high, and was going on shrinking rapidly: she soon found
out that the cause of this was the fan she was holding, and she dropped
it hastily, just in time to avoid shrinking away altogether.

'That WAS a narrow escape!' said Alice, a good deal frightened at the
sudden change, but very glad to find herself still in existence; 'and
now for the garden!' and she ran with all speed back to the little door:
but, alas! the little door was shut again, and the little golden key was
lying on the glass table as before, 'and things are worse than ever,'
thought the poor child, 'for I never was so small as this before, never!
And I declare it's too bad, that it is!'

As she said these words her foot slipped, and in another moment, splash!
she was up to her chin in salt water. Her first idea was that she
had somehow fallen into the sea, 'and in that case I can go back by
railway,' she said to herself. (Alice had been to the seaside once in
her life, and had come to the general conclusion, that wherever you go
to on the English coast you find a number of bathing machines in the
sea, some children digging in the sand with wooden spades, then a row
of lodging houses, and behind them a railway station.) However, she soon
made out that she was in the pool of tears which she had wept when she
was nine feet high.

'I wish I hadn't cried so much!' said Alice, as she swam about, trying
to find her way out. 'I shall be punished for it now, I suppose, by
being drowned in my own tears! That WILL be a queer thing, to be sure!
However, everything is queer to-day.'

Just then she heard something splashing about in the pool a little way
off, and she swam nearer to make out what it was: at first she thought
it must be a walrus or hippopotamus, but then she remembered how small
she was now, and she soon made out that it was only a mouse that had
slipped in like herself.

'Would it be of any use, now,' thought Alice, 'to speak to this mouse?
Everything is so out-of-the-way down here, that I should think very
likely it can talk: at any rate, there's no harm in trying.' So she
began: 'O Mouse, do you know the way out of this pool? I am very tired
of swimming about here, O Mouse!' (Alice thought this must be the right
way of speaking to a mouse: she had never done such a thing before, but
she remembered having seen in her brother's Latin Grammar, 'A mouse--of
a mouse--to a mouse--a mouse--O mouse!') The Mouse looked at her rather
inquisitively, and seemed to her to wink with one of its little eyes,
but it said nothing.

'Perhaps it doesn't understand English,' thought Alice; 'I daresay it's
a French mouse, come over with William the Conqueror.' (For, with all
her knowledge of history, Alice had no very clear notion how long ago
anything had happened.) So she began again: 'Ou est ma chatte?' which
was the first sentence in her French lesson-book. The Mouse gave a
sudden leap out of the water, and seemed to quiver all over with fright.
'Oh, I beg your pardon!' cried Alice hastily, afraid that she had hurt
the poor animal's feelings. 'I quite forgot you didn't like cats.'

'Not like cats!' cried the Mouse, in a shrill, passionate voice. 'Would
YOU like cats if you were me?'

'Well, perhaps not,' said Alice in a soothing tone: 'don't be angry
about it. And yet I wish I could show you our cat Dinah: I think you'd
take a fancy to cats if you could only see her. She is such a dear quiet
thing,' Alice went on, half to herself, as she swam lazily about in the
pool, 'and she sits purring so nicely by the fire, licking her paws and
washing her face--and she is such a nice soft thing to nurse--and she's
such a capital one for catching mice--oh, I beg your pardon!' cried
Alice again, for this time the Mouse was bristling all over, and she
felt certain it must be really offended. 'We won't talk about her any
more if you'd rather not.'

'We indeed!' cried the Mouse, who was trembling down to the end of his
tail. 'As if I would talk on such a subject! Our family always HATED
cats: nasty, low, vulgar things! Don't let me hear the name again!'

'I won't indeed!' said Alice, in a great hurry to change the subject of
conversation. 'Are you--are you fond--of--of dogs?' The Mouse did not
answer, so Alice went on eagerly: 'There is such a nice little dog near
our house I should like to show you! A little bright-eyed terrier, you
know, with oh, such long curly brown hair! And it'll fetch things when
you throw them, and it'll sit up and beg for its dinner, and all sorts
of things--I can't remember half of them--and it belongs to a farmer,
you know, and he says it's so useful, it's worth a hundred pounds! He
says it kills all the rats and--oh dear!' cried Alice in a sorrowful
tone, 'I'm afraid I've offended it again!' For the Mouse was swimming
away from her as hard as it could go, and making quite a commotion in
the pool as it went.

So she called softly after it, 'Mouse dear! Do come back again, and we
won't talk about cats or dogs either, if you don't like them!' When the
Mouse heard this, it turned round and swam slowly back to her: its
face was quite pale (with passion, Alice thought), and it said in a low
trembling voice, 'Let us get to the shore, and then I'll tell you my
history, and you'll understand why it is I hate cats and dogs.'

It was high time to go, for the pool was getting quite crowded with the
birds and animals that had fallen into it: there were a Duck and a Dodo,
a Lory and an Eaglet, and several other curious creatures. Alice led the
way, and the whole party swam to the shore.




CHAPTER III. A Caucus-Race and a Long Tale

They were indeed a queer-looking party that assembled on the bank--the
birds with draggled feathers, the animals with their fur clinging close
to them, and all dripping wet, cross, and uncomfortable.

The first question of course was, how to get dry again: they had a
consultation about this, and after a few minutes it seemed quite natural
to Alice to find herself talking familiarly with them, as if she had
known them all her life. Indeed, she had quite a long argument with the
Lory, who at last turned sulky, and would only say, 'I am older than
you, and must know better'; and this Alice would not allow without
knowing how old it was, and, as the Lory positively refused to tell its
age, there was no more to be said.

At last the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them,
called out, 'Sit down, all of you, and listen to me! I'LL soon make you
dry enough!' They all sat down at once, in a large ring, with the Mouse
in the middle. Alice kept her eyes anxiously fixed on it, for she felt
sure she would catch a bad cold if she did not get dry very soon.

'Ahem!' said the Mouse with an important air, 'are you all ready? This
is the driest thing I know. Silence all round, if you please! "William
the Conqueror, whose cause was favoured by the pope, was soon submitted
to by the English, who wanted leaders, and had been of late much
accustomed to usurpation and conquest. Edwin and Morcar, the earls of
Mercia and Northumbria--"'

'Ugh!' said the Lory, with a shiver.

'I beg your pardon!' said the Mouse, frowning, but very politely: 'Did
you speak?'

'Not I!' said the Lory hastily.

'I thought you did,' said the Mouse. '--I proceed. "Edwin and Morcar,
the earls of Mercia and Northumbria, declared for him: and even Stigand,
the patriotic archbishop of Canterbury, found it advisable--"'

'Found WHAT?' said the Duck.

'Found IT,' the Mouse replied rather crossly: 'of course you know what
"it" means.'

'I know what "it" means well enough, when I find a thing,' said the
Duck: 'it's generally a frog or a worm. The question is, what did the
archbishop find?'

The Mouse did not notice this question, but hurriedly went on, '"--found
it advisable to go with Edgar Atheling to meet William and offer him the
crown. William's conduct at first was moderate. But the insolence of his
Normans--" How are you getting on now, my dear?' it continued, turning
to Alice as it spoke.

'As wet as ever,' said Alice in a melancholy tone: 'it doesn't seem to
dry me at all.'

'In that case,' said the Dodo solemnly, rising to its feet, 'I move
that the meeting adjourn, for the immediate adoption of more energetic
remedies--'

'Speak English!' said the Eaglet. 'I don't know the meaning of half
those long words, and, what's more, I don't believe you do either!' And
the Eaglet bent down its head to hide a smile: some of the other birds
tittered audibly.

'What I was going to say,' said the Dodo in an offended tone, 'was, that
the best thing to get us dry would be a Caucus-race.'

'What IS a Caucus-race?' said Alice; not that she wanted much to know,
but the Dodo had paused as if it thought that SOMEBODY ought to speak,
and no one else seemed inclined to say anything.

'Why,' said the Dodo, 'the best way to explain it is to do it.' (And, as
you might like to try the thing yourself, some winter day, I will tell
you how the Dodo managed it.)

First it marked out a race-course, in a sort of circle, ('the exact
shape doesn't matter,' it said,) and then all the party were placed
along the course, here and there. There was no 'One, two, three, and
away,' but they began running when they liked, and left off when they
liked, so that it was not easy to know when the race was over. However,
when they had been running half an hour or so, and were quite dry again,
the Dodo suddenly called out 'The race is over!' and they all crowded
round it, panting, and asking, 'But who has won?'

This question the Dodo could not answer without a great deal of thought,
and it sat for a long time with one finger pressed upon its forehead
(the position in which you usually see Shakespeare, in the pictures
of him), while the rest waited in silence. At last the Dodo said,
'EVERYBODY has won, and all must have prizes.'

'But who is to give the prizes?' quite a chorus of voices asked.

'Why, SHE, of course,' said the Dodo, pointing to Alice with one finger;
and the whole party at once crowded round her, calling out in a confused
way, 'Prizes! Prizes!'

Alice had no idea what to do, and in despair she put her hand in her
pocket, and pulled out a box of comfits, (luckily the salt water had
not got into it), and handed them round as prizes. There was exactly one
a-piece all round.

'But she must have a prize herself, you know,' said the Mouse.

'Of course,' the Dodo replied very gravely. 'What else have you got in
your pocket?' he went on, turning to Alice.

'Only a thimble,' said Alice sadly.

'Hand it over here,' said the Dodo.

Then they all crowded round her once more, while the Dodo solemnly
presented the thimble, saying 'We beg your acceptance of this elegant
thimble'; and, when it had finished this short speech, they all cheered.

Alice thought the whole thing very absurd, but they all looked so grave
that she did not dare to laugh; and, as she could not think of anything
to say, she simply bowed, and took the thimble, looking as solemn as she
could.

The next thing was to eat the comfits: this caused some noise and
confusion, as the large birds complained that they could not taste
theirs, and the small ones choked and had to be patted on the back.
However, it was over at last, and they sat down again in a ring, and
begged the Mouse to tell them something more.

'You promised to tell me your history, you know,' said Alice, 'and why
it is you hate--C and D,' she added in a whisper, half afraid that it
would be offended again.

'Mine is a long and a sad tale!' said the Mouse, turning to Alice, and
sighing.

'It IS a long tail, certainly,' said Alice, looking down with wonder at
the Mouse's tail; 'but why do you call it sad?' And she kept on puzzling
about it while the Mouse was speaking, so that her idea of the tale was
something like this:--

         'Fury said to a
         mouse, That he
        met in the
       house,
     "Let us
      both go to
       law: I will
        prosecute
         YOU.--Come,
           I'll take no
           denial; We
          must have a
        trial: For
      really this
     morning I've
    nothing
    to do."
     Said the
      mouse to the
       cur, "Such
        a trial,
         dear Sir,
            With
          no jury
        or judge,
       would be
      wasting
      our
      breath."
       "I'll be
        judge, I'll
         be jury,"
            Said
         cunning
          old Fury:
          "I'll
          try the
            whole
            cause,
              and
           condemn
           you
          to
           death."'


'You are not attending!' said the Mouse to Alice severely. 'What are you
thinking of?'

'I beg your pardon,' said Alice very humbly: 'you had got to the fifth
bend, I think?'

'I had NOT!' cried the Mouse, sharply and very angrily.

'A knot!' said Alice, always ready to make herself useful, and looking
anxiously about her. 'Oh, do let me help to undo it!'

'I shall do nothing of the sort,' said the Mouse, getting up and walking
away. 'You insult me by talking such nonsense!'

'I didn't mean it!' pleaded poor Alice. 'But you're so easily offended,
you know!'

The Mouse only growled in reply.

'Please come back and finish your story!' Alice called after it; and the
others all joined in chorus, 'Yes, please do!' but the Mouse only shook
its head impatiently, and walked a little quicker.

'What a pity it wouldn't stay!' sighed the Lory, as soon as it was quite
out of sight; and an old Crab took the opportunity of saying to her
daughter 'Ah, my dear! Let this be a lesson to you never to lose
YOUR temper!' 'Hold your tongue, Ma!' said the young Crab, a little
snappishly. 'You're enough to try the patience of an oyster!'

'I wish I had our Dinah here, I know I do!' said Alice aloud, addressing
nobody in particular. 'She'd soon fetch it back!'

'And who is Dinah, if I might venture to ask the question?' said the
Lory.

Alice replied eagerly, for she was always ready to talk about her pet:
'Dinah's our cat. And she's such a capital one for catching mice you
can't think! And oh, I wish you could see her after the birds! Why,
she'll eat a little bird as soon as look at it!'

This speech caused a remarkable sensation among the party. Some of the
birds hurried off at once: one old Magpie began wrapping itself up very
carefully, remarking, 'I really must be getting home; the night-air
doesn't suit my throat!' and a Canary called out in a trembling voice to
its children, 'Come away, my dears! It's high time you were all in bed!'
On various pretexts they all moved off, and Alice was soon left alone.

'I wish I hadn't mentioned Dinah!' she said to herself in a melancholy
tone. 'Nobody seems to like her, down here, and I'm sure she's the best
cat in the world! Oh, my dear Dinah! I wonder if I shall ever see you
any more!' And here poor Alice began to cry again, for she felt very
lonely and low-spirited. In a little while, however, she again heard
a little pattering of footsteps in the distance, and she looked up
eagerly, half hoping that the Mouse had changed his mind, and was coming
back to finish his story.




CHAPTER IV. The Rabbit Sends in a Little Bill

It was the White Rabbit, trotting slowly back again, and looking
anxiously about as it went, as if it had lost something; and she heard
it muttering to itself 'The Duchess! The Duchess! Oh my dear paws! Oh
my fur and whiskers! She'll get me executed, as sure as ferrets are
ferrets! Where CAN I have dropped them, I wonder?' Alice guessed in a
moment that it was looking for the fan and the pair of white kid gloves,
and she very good-naturedly began hunting about for them, but they were
nowhere to be seen--everything seemed to have changed since her swim in
the pool, and the great hall, with the glass table and the little door,
had vanished completely.

Very soon the Rabbit noticed Alice, as she went hunting about, and
called out to her in an angry tone, 'Why, Mary Ann, what ARE you doing
out here? Run home this moment, and fetch me a pair of gloves and a fan!
Quick, now!' And Alice was so much frightened that she ran off at once
in the direction it pointed to, without trying to explain the mistake it
had made.

'He took me for his housemaid,' she said to herself as she ran. 'How
surprised he'll be when he finds out who I am! But I'd better take him
his fan and gloves--that is, if I can find them.' As she said this, she
came upon a neat little house, on the door of which was a bright brass
plate with the name 'W. RABBIT' engraved upon it. She went in without
knocking, and hurried upstairs, in great fear lest she should meet the
real Mary Ann, and be turned out of the house before she had found the
fan and gloves.

'How queer it seems,' Alice said to herself, 'to be going messages for
a rabbit! I suppose Dinah'll be sending me on messages next!' And she
began fancying the sort of thing that would happen: '"Miss Alice! Come
here directly, and get ready for your walk!" "Coming in a minute,
nurse! But I've got to see that the mouse doesn't get out." Only I don't
think,' Alice went on, 'that they'd let Dinah stop in the house if it
began ordering people about like that!'

By this time she had found her way into a tidy little room with a table
in the window, and on it (as she had hoped) a fan and two or three pairs
of tiny white kid gloves: she took up the fan and a pair of the gloves,
and was just going to leave the room, when her eye fell upon a little
bottle that stood near the looking-glass. There was no label this time
with the words 'DRINK ME,' but nevertheless she uncorked it and put it
to her lips. 'I know SOMETHING interesting is sure to happen,' she said
to herself, 'whenever I eat or drink anything; so I'll just see what
this bottle does. I do hope it'll make me grow large again, for really
I'm quite tired of being such a tiny little thing!'

It did so indeed, and much sooner than she had expected: before she had
drunk half the bottle, she found her head pressing against the ceiling,
and had to stoop to save her neck from being broken. She hastily put
down the bottle, saying to herself 'That's quite enough--I hope I shan't
grow any more--As it is, I can't get out at the door--I do wish I hadn't
drunk quite so much!'

Alas! it was too late to wish that! She went on growing, and growing,
and very soon had to kneel down on the floor: in another minute there
was not even room for this, and she tried the effect of lying down with
one elbow against the door, and the other arm curled round her head.
Still she went on growing, and, as a last resource, she put one arm out
of the window, and one foot up the chimney, and said to herself 'Now I
can do no more, whatever happens. What WILL become of me?'

Luckily for Alice, the little magic bottle had now had its full effect,
and she grew no larger: still it was very uncomfortable, and, as there
seemed to be no sort of chance of her ever getting out of the room
again, no wonder she felt unhappy.

'It was much pleasanter at home,' thought poor Alice, 'when one wasn't
always growing larger and smaller, and being ordered about by mice and
rabbits. I almost wish I hadn't gone down that rabbit-hole--and yet--and
yet--it's rather curious, you know, this sort of life! I do wonder what
CAN have happened to me! When I used to read fairy-tales, I fancied that
kind of thing never happened, and now here I am in the middle of one!
There ought to be a book written about me, that there ought! And when I
grow up, I'll write one--but I'm grown up now,' she added in a sorrowful
tone; 'at least there's no room to grow up any more HERE.'

'But then,' thought Alice, 'shall I NEVER get any older than I am
now? That'll be a comfort, one way--never to be an old woman--but
then--always to have lessons to learn! Oh, I shouldn't like THAT!'

'Oh, you foolish Alice!' she answered herself. 'How can you learn
lessons in here? Why, there's hardly room for YOU, and no room at all
for any lesson-books!'

And so she went on, taking first one side and then the other, and making
quite a conversation of it altogether; but after a few minutes she heard
a voice outside, and stopped to listen.

'Mary Ann! Mary Ann!' said the voice. 'Fetch me my gloves this moment!'
Then came a little pattering of feet on the stairs. Alice knew it was
the Rabbit coming to look for her, and she trembled till she shook the
house, quite forgetting that she was now about a thousand times as large
as the Rabbit, and had no reason to be afraid of it.

Presently the Rabbit came up to the door, and tried to open it; but, as
the door opened inwards, and Alice's elbow was pressed hard against it,
that attempt proved a failure. Alice heard it say to itself 'Then I'll
go round and get in at the window.'

'THAT you won't' thought Alice, and, after waiting till she fancied
she heard the Rabbit just under the window, she suddenly spread out her
hand, and made a snatch in the air. She did not get hold of anything,
but she heard a little shriek and a fall, and a crash of broken glass,
from which she concluded that it was just possible it had fallen into a
cucumber-frame, or something of the sort.

Next came an angry voice--the Rabbit's--'Pat! Pat! Where are you?' And
then a voice she had never heard before, 'Sure then I'm here! Digging
for apples, yer honour!'

'Digging for apples, indeed!' said the Rabbit angrily. 'Here! Come and
help me out of THIS!' (Sounds of more broken glass.)

'Now tell me, Pat, what's that in the window?'

'Sure, it's an arm, yer honour!' (He pronounced it 'arrum.')

'An arm, you goose! Who ever saw one that size? Why, it fills the whole
window!'

'Sure, it does, yer honour: but it's an arm for all that.'

'Well, it's got no business there, at any rate: go and take it away!'

There was a long silence after this, and Alice could only hear whispers
now and then; such as, 'Sure, I don't like it, yer honour, at all, at
all!' 'Do as I tell you, you coward!' and at last she spread out her
hand again, and made another snatch in the air. This time there were
TWO little shrieks, and more sounds of broken glass. 'What a number of
cucumber-frames there must be!' thought Alice. 'I wonder what they'll do
next! As for pulling me out of the window, I only wish they COULD! I'm
sure I don't want to stay in here any longer!'

She waited for some time without hearing anything more: at last came a
rumbling of little cartwheels, and the sound of a good many voices
all talking together: she made out the words: 'Where's the other
ladder?--Why, I hadn't to bring but one; Bill's got the other--Bill!
fetch it here, lad!--Here, put 'em up at this corner--No, tie 'em
together first--they don't reach half high enough yet--Oh! they'll
do well enough; don't be particular--Here, Bill! catch hold of this
rope--Will the roof bear?--Mind that loose slate--Oh, it's coming
down! Heads below!' (a loud crash)--'Now, who did that?--It was Bill, I
fancy--Who's to go down the chimney?--Nay, I shan't! YOU do it!--That I
won't, then!--Bill's to go down--Here, Bill! the master says you're to
go down the chimney!'

'Oh! So Bill's got to come down the chimney, has he?' said Alice to
herself. 'Shy, they seem to put everything upon Bill! I wouldn't be in
Bill's place for a good deal: this fireplace is narrow, to be sure; but
I THINK I can kick a little!'

She drew her foot as far down the chimney as she could, and waited
till she heard a little animal (she couldn't guess of what sort it was)
scratching and scrambling about in the chimney close above her: then,
saying to herself 'This is Bill,' she gave one sharp kick, and waited to
see what would happen next.

The first thing she heard was a general chorus of 'There goes Bill!'
then the Rabbit's voice along--'Catch him, you by the hedge!' then
silence, and then another confusion of voices--'Hold up his head--Brandy
now--Don't choke him--How was it, old fellow? What happened to you? Tell
us all about it!'

Last came a little feeble, squeaking voice, ('That's Bill,' thought
Alice,) 'Well, I hardly know--No more, thank ye; I'm better now--but I'm
a deal too flustered to tell you--all I know is, something comes at me
like a Jack-in-the-box, and up I goes like a sky-rocket!'

'So you did, old fellow!' said the others.

'We must burn the house down!' said the Rabbit's voice; and Alice called
out as loud as she could, 'If you do. I'll set Dinah at you!'

There was a dead silence instantly, and Alice thought to herself, 'I
wonder what they WILL do next! If they had any sense, they'd take the
roof off.' After a minute or two, they began moving about again, and
Alice heard the Rabbit say, 'A barrowful will do, to begin with.'

'A barrowful of WHAT?' thought Alice; but she had not long to doubt,
for the next moment a shower of little pebbles came rattling in at the
window, and some of them hit her in the face. 'I'll put a stop to this,'
she said to herself, and shouted out, 'You'd better not do that again!'
which produced another dead silence.

Alice noticed with some surprise that the pebbles were all turning into
little cakes as they lay on the floor, and a bright idea came into her
head. 'If I eat one of these cakes,' she thought, 'it's sure to make
SOME change in my size; and as it can't possibly make me larger, it must
make me smaller, I suppose.'

So she swallowed one of the cakes, and was delighted to find that she
began shrinking directly. As soon as she was small enough to get through
the door, she ran out of the house, and found quite a crowd of little
animals and birds waiting outside. The poor little Lizard, Bill, was
in the middle, being held up by two guinea-pigs, who were giving it
something out of a bottle. They all made a rush at Alice the moment she
appeared; but she ran off as hard as she could, and soon found herself
safe in a thick wood.

'The first thing I've got to do,' said Alice to herself, as she wandered
about in the wood, 'is to grow to my right size again; and the second
thing is to find my way into that lovely garden. I think that will be
the best plan.'

It sounded an excellent plan, no doubt, and very neatly and simply
arranged; the only difficulty was, that she had not the smallest idea
how to set about it; and while she was peering about anxiously among
the trees, a little sharp bark just over her head made her look up in a
great hurry.

An enormous puppy was looking down at her with large round eyes, and
feebly stretching out one paw, trying to touch her. 'Poor little thing!'
said Alice, in a coaxing tone, and she tried hard to whistle to it; but
she was terribly frightened all the time at the thought that it might be
hungry, in which case it would be very likely to eat her up in spite of
all her coaxing.

Hardly knowing what she did, she picked up a little bit of stick, and
held it out to the puppy; whereupon the puppy jumped into the air off
all its feet at once, with a yelp of delight, and rushed at the stick,
and made believe to worry it; then Alice dodged behind a great thistle,
to keep herself from being run over; and the moment she appeared on the
other side, the puppy made another rush at the stick, and tumbled head
over heels in its hurry to get hold of it; then Alice, thinking it was
very like having a game of play with a cart-horse, and expecting every
moment to be trampled under its feet, ran round the thistle again; then
the puppy began a series of short charges at the stick, running a very
little way forwards each time and a long way back, and barking hoarsely
all the while, till at last it sat down a good way off, panting, with
its tongue hanging out of its mouth, and its great eyes half shut.

This seemed to Alice a good opportunity for making her escape; so she
set off at once, and ran till she was quite tired and out of breath, and
till the puppy's bark sounded quite faint in the distance.

'And yet what a dear little puppy it was!' said Alice, as she leant
against a buttercup to rest herself, and fanned herself with one of the
leaves: 'I should have liked teaching it tricks very much, if--if I'd
only been the right size to do it! Oh dear! I'd nearly forgotten that
I've got to grow up again! Let me see--how IS it to be managed? I
suppose I ought to eat or drink something or other; but the great
question is, what?'

The great question certainly was, what? Alice looked all round her at
the flowers and the blades of grass, but she did not see anything that
looked like the right thing to eat or drink under the circumstances.
There was a large mushroom growing near her, about the same height as
herself; and when she had looked under it, and on both sides of it, and
behind it, it occurred to her that she might as well look and see what
was on the top of it.

She stretched herself up on tiptoe, and peeped over the edge of the
mushroom, and her eyes immediately met those of a large caterpillar,
that was sitting on the top with its arms folded, quietly smoking a long
hookah, and taking not the smallest notice of her or of anything else.




CHAPTER V. Advice from a Caterpillar

The Caterpillar and Alice looked at each other for some time in silence:
at last the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth, and addressed
her in a languid, sleepy voice.

'Who are YOU?' said the Caterpillar.

This was not an encouraging opening for a conversation. Alice replied,
rather shyly, 'I--I hardly know, sir, just at present--at least I know
who I WAS when I got up this morning, but I think I must have been
changed several times since then.'

'What do you mean by that?' said the Caterpillar sternly. 'Explain
yourself!'

'I can't explain MYSELF, I'm afraid, sir' said Alice, 'because I'm not
myself, you see.'

'I don't see,' said the Caterpillar.

'I'm afraid I can't put it more clearly,' Alice replied very politely,
'for I can't understand it myself to begin with; and being so many
different sizes in a day is very confusing.'

'It isn't,' said the Caterpillar.

'Well, perhaps you haven't found it so yet,' said Alice; 'but when you
have to turn into a chrysalis--you will some day, you know--and then
after that into a butterfly, I should think you'll feel it a little
queer, won't you?'

'Not a bit,' said the Caterpillar.

'Well, perhaps your feelings may be different,' said Alice; 'all I know
is, it would feel very queer to ME.'

'You!' said the Caterpillar contemptuously. 'Who are YOU?'

Which brought them back again to the beginning of the conversation.
Alice felt a little irritated at the Caterpillar's making such VERY
short remarks, and she drew herself up and said, very gravely, 'I think,
you ought to tell me who YOU are, first.'

'Why?' said the Caterpillar.

Here was another puzzling question; and as Alice could not think of any
good reason, and as the Caterpillar seemed to be in a VERY unpleasant
state of mind, she turned away.

'Come back!' the Caterpillar called after her. 'I've something important
to say!'

This sounded promising, certainly: Alice turned and came back again.

'Keep your temper,' said the Caterpillar.

'Is that all?' said Alice, swallowing down her anger as well as she
could.

'No,' said the Caterpillar.

Alice thought she might as well wait, as she had nothing else to do, and
perhaps after all it might tell her something worth hearing. For some
minutes it puffed away without speaking, but at last it unfolded its
arms, took the hookah out of its mouth again, and said, 'So you think
you're changed, do you?'

'I'm afraid I am, sir,' said Alice; 'I can't remember things as I
used--and I don't keep the same size for ten minutes together!'

'Can't remember WHAT things?' said the Caterpillar.

'Well, I've tried to say "HOW DOTH THE LITTLE BUSY BEE," but it all came
different!' Alice replied in a very melancholy voice.

'Repeat, "YOU ARE OLD, FATHER WILLIAM,"' said the Caterpillar.

Alice folded her hands, and began:--

   'You are old, Father William,' the young man said,
    'And your hair has become very white;
   And yet you incessantly stand on your head--
    Do you think, at your age, it is right?'

   'In my youth,' Father William replied to his son,
    'I feared it might injure the brain;
   But, now that I'm perfectly sure I have none,
    Why, I do it again and again.'

   'You are old,' said the youth, 'as I mentioned before,
    And have grown most uncommonly fat;
   Yet you turned a back-somersault in at the door--
    Pray, what is the reason of that?'

   'In my youth,' said the sage, as he shook his grey locks,
    'I kept all my limbs very supple
   By the use of this ointment--one shilling the box--
    Allow me to sell you a couple?'

   'You are old,' said the youth, 'and your jaws are too weak
    For anything tougher than suet;
   Yet you finished the goose, with the bones and the beak--
    Pray how did you manage to do it?'

   'In my youth,' said his father, 'I took to the law,
    And argued each case with my wife;
   And the muscular strength, which it gave to my jaw,
    Has lasted the rest of my life.'

   'You are old,' said the youth, 'one would hardly suppose
    That your eye was as steady as ever;
   Yet you balanced an eel on the end of your nose--
    What made you so awfully clever?'

   'I have answered three questions, and that is enough,'
    Said his father; 'don't give yourself airs!
   Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
    Be off, or I'll kick you down stairs!'


'That is not said right,' said the Caterpillar.

'Not QUITE right, I'm afraid,' said Alice, timidly; 'some of the words
have got altered.'

'It is wrong from beginning to end,' said the Caterpillar decidedly, and
there was silence for some minutes.

The Caterpillar was the first to speak.

'What size do you want to be?' it asked.

'Oh, I'm not particular as to size,' Alice hastily replied; 'only one
doesn't like changing so often, you know.'

'I DON'T know,' said the Caterpillar.

Alice said nothing: she had never been so much contradicted in her life
before, and she felt that she was losing her temper.

'Are you content now?' said the Caterpillar.

'Well, I should like to be a LITTLE larger, sir, if you wouldn't mind,'
said Alice: 'three inches is such a wretched height to be.'

'It is a very good height indeed!' said the Caterpillar angrily, rearing
itself upright as it spoke (it was exactly three inches high).

'But I'm not used to it!' pleaded poor Alice in a piteous tone. And
she thought of herself, 'I wish the creatures wouldn't be so easily
offended!'

'You'll get used to it in time,' said the Caterpillar; and it put the
hookah into its mouth and began smoking again.

This time Alice waited patiently until it chose to speak again. In
a minute or two the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth
and yawned once or twice, and shook itself. Then it got down off the
mushroom, and crawled away in the grass, merely remarking as it went,
'One side will make you grow taller, and the other side will make you
grow shorter.'

'One side of WHAT? The other side of WHAT?' thought Alice to herself.

'Of the mushroom,' said the Caterpillar, just as if she had asked it
aloud; and in another moment it was out of sight.

Alice remained looking thoughtfully at the mushroom for a minute, trying
to make out which were the two sides of it; and as it was perfectly
round, she found this a very difficult question. However, at last she
stretched her arms round it as far as they would go, and broke off a bit
of the edge with each hand.

'And now which is which?' she said to herself, and nibbled a little of
the right-hand bit to try the effect: the next moment she felt a violent
blow underneath her chin: it had struck her foot!

She was a good deal frightened by this very sudden change, but she felt
that there was no time to be lost, as she was shrinking rapidly; so she
set to work at once to eat some of the other bit. Her chin was pressed
so closely against her foot, that there was hardly room to open her
mouth; but she did it at last, and managed to swallow a morsel of the
lefthand bit.


  *    *    *    *    *    *    *

    *    *    *    *    *    *

  *    *    *    *    *    *    *

'Come, my head's free at last!' said Alice in a tone of delight, which
changed into alarm in another moment, when she found that her shoulders
were nowhere to be found: all she could see, when she looked down, was
an immense length of neck, which seemed to rise like a stalk out of a
sea of green leaves that lay far below her.

'What CAN all that green stuff be?' said Alice. 'And where HAVE my
shoulders got to? And oh, my poor hands, how is it I can't see you?'
She was moving them about as she spoke, but no result seemed to follow,
except a little shaking among the distant green leaves.

As there seemed to be no chance of getting her hands up to her head, she
tried to get her head down to them, and was delighted to find that her
neck would bend about easily in any direction, like a serpent. She had
just succeeded in curving it down into a graceful zigzag, and was going
to dive in among the leaves, which she found to be nothing but the tops
of the trees under which she had been wandering, when a sharp hiss made
her draw back in a hurry: a large pigeon had flown into her face, and
was beating her violently with its wings.

'Serpent!' screamed the Pigeon.

'I'm NOT a serpent!' said Alice indignantly. 'Let me alone!'

'Serpent, I say again!' repeated the Pigeon, but in a more subdued tone,
and added with a kind of sob, 'I've tried every way, and nothing seems
to suit them!'

'I haven't the least idea what you're talking about,' said Alice.

'I've tried the roots of trees, and I've tried banks, and I've tried
hedges,' the Pigeon went on, without attending to her; 'but those
serpents! There's no pleasing them!'

Alice was more and more puzzled, but she thought there was no use in
saying anything more till the Pigeon had finished.

'As if it wasn't trouble enough hatching the eggs,' said the Pigeon;
'but I must be on the look-out for serpents night and day! Why, I
haven't had a wink of sleep these three weeks!'

'I'm very sorry you've been annoyed,' said Alice, who was beginning to
see its meaning.

'And just as I'd taken the highest tree in the wood,' continued the
Pigeon, raising its voice to a shriek, 'and just as I was thinking I
should be free of them at last, they must needs come wriggling down from
the sky! Ugh, Serpent!'

'But I'm NOT a serpent, I tell you!' said Alice. 'I'm a--I'm a--'

'Well! WHAT are you?' said the Pigeon. 'I can see you're trying to
invent something!'

'I--I'm a little girl,' said Alice, rather doubtfully, as she remembered
the number of changes she had gone through that day.

'A likely story indeed!' said the Pigeon in a tone of the deepest
contempt. 'I've seen a good many little girls in my time, but never ONE
with such a neck as that! No, no! You're a serpent; and there's no use
denying it. I suppose you'll be telling me next that you never tasted an
egg!'

'I HAVE tasted eggs, certainly,' said Alice, who was a very truthful
child; 'but little girls eat eggs quite as much as serpents do, you
know.'

'I don't believe it,' said the Pigeon; 'but if they do, why then they're
a kind of serpent, that's all I can say.'

This was such a new idea to Alice, that she was quite silent for a
minute or two, which gave the Pigeon the opportunity of adding, 'You're
looking for eggs, I know THAT well enough; and what does it matter to me
whether you're a little girl or a serpent?'

'It matters a good deal to ME,' said Alice hastily; 'but I'm not looking
for eggs, as it happens; and if I was, I shouldn't want YOURS: I don't
like them raw.'

'Well, be off, then!' said the Pigeon in a sulky tone, as it settled
down again into its nest. Alice crouched down among the trees as well as
she could, for her neck kept getting entangled among the branches, and
every now and then she had to stop and untwist it. After a while she
remembered that she still held the pieces of mushroom in her hands, and
she set to work very carefully, nibbling first at one and then at the
other, and growing sometimes taller and sometimes shorter, until she had
succeeded in bringing herself down to her usual height.

It was so long since she had been anything near the right size, that it
felt quite strange at first; but she got used to it in a few minutes,
and began talking to herself, as usual. 'Come, there's half my plan done
now! How puzzling all these changes are! I'm never sure what I'm going
to be, from one minute to another! However, I've got back to my right
size: the next thing is, to get into that beautiful garden--how IS that
to be done, I wonder?' As she said this, she came suddenly upon an open
place, with a little house in it about four feet high. 'Whoever lives
there,' thought Alice, 'it'll never do to come upon them THIS size: why,
I should frighten them out of their wits!' So she began nibbling at the
righthand bit again, and did not venture to go near the house till she
had brought herself down to nine inches high.




CHAPTER VI. Pig and Pepper

For a minute or two she stood looking at the house, and wondering what
to do next, when suddenly a footman in livery came running out of the
wood--(she considered him to be a footman because he was in livery:
otherwise, judging by his face only, she would have called him a
fish)--and rapped loudly at the door with his knuckles. It was opened
by another footman in livery, with a round face, and large eyes like a
frog; and both footmen, Alice noticed, had powdered hair that curled all
over their heads. She felt very curious to know what it was all about,
and crept a little way out of the wood to listen.

The Fish-Footman began by producing from under his arm a great letter,
nearly as large as himself, and this he handed over to the other,
saying, in a solemn tone, 'For the Duchess. An invitation from the Queen
to play croquet.' The Frog-Footman repeated, in the same solemn tone,
only changing the order of the words a little, 'From the Queen. An
invitation for the Duchess to play croquet.'

Then they both bowed low, and their curls got entangled together.

Alice laughed so much at this, that she had to run back into the
wood for fear of their hearing her; and when she next peeped out the
Fish-Footman was gone, and the other was sitting on the ground near the
door, staring stupidly up into the sky.

Alice went timidly up to the door, and knocked.

'There's no sort of use in knocking,' said the Footman, 'and that for
two reasons. First, because I'm on the same side of the door as you
are; secondly, because they're making such a noise inside, no one could
possibly hear you.' And certainly there was a most extraordinary noise
going on within--a constant howling and sneezing, and every now and then
a great crash, as if a dish or kettle had been broken to pieces.

'Please, then,' said Alice, 'how am I to get in?'

'There might be some sense in your knocking,' the Footman went on
without attending to her, 'if we had the door between us. For instance,
if you were INSIDE, you might knock, and I could let you out, you know.'
He was looking up into the sky all the time he was speaking, and this
Alice thought decidedly uncivil. 'But perhaps he can't help it,' she
said to herself; 'his eyes are so VERY nearly at the top of his head.
But at any rate he might answer questions.--How am I to get in?' she
repeated, aloud.

'I shall sit here,' the Footman remarked, 'till tomorrow--'

At this moment the door of the house opened, and a large plate came
skimming out, straight at the Footman's head: it just grazed his nose,
and broke to pieces against one of the trees behind him.

'--or next day, maybe,' the Footman continued in the same tone, exactly
as if nothing had happened.

'How am I to get in?' asked Alice again, in a louder tone.

'ARE you to get in at all?' said the Footman. 'That's the first
question, you know.'

It was, no doubt: only Alice did not like to be told so. 'It's really
dreadful,' she muttered to herself, 'the way all the creatures argue.
It's enough to drive one crazy!'

The Footman seemed to think this a good opportunity for repeating his
remark, with variations. 'I shall sit here,' he said, 'on and off, for
days and days.'

'But what am I to do?' said Alice.

'Anything you like,' said the Footman, and began whistling.

'Oh, there's no use in talking to him,' said Alice desperately: 'he's
perfectly idiotic!' And she opened the door and went in.

The door led right into a large kitchen, which was full of smoke from
one end to the other: the Duchess was sitting on a three-legged stool in
the middle, nursing a baby; the cook was leaning over the fire, stirring
a large cauldron which seemed to be full of soup.

'There's certainly too much pepper in that soup!' Alice said to herself,
as well as she could for sneezing.

There was certainly too much of it in the air. Even the Duchess
sneezed occasionally; and as for the baby, it was sneezing and howling
alternately without a moment's pause. The only things in the kitchen
that did not sneeze, were the cook, and a large cat which was sitting on
the hearth and grinning from ear to ear.

'Please would you tell me,' said Alice, a little timidly, for she was
not quite sure whether it was good manners for her to speak first, 'why
your cat grins like that?'

'It's a Cheshire cat,' said the Duchess, 'and that's why. Pig!'

She said the last word with such sudden violence that Alice quite
jumped; but she saw in another moment that it was addressed to the baby,
and not to her, so she took courage, and went on again:--

'I didn't know that Cheshire cats always grinned; in fact, I didn't know
that cats COULD grin.'

'They all can,' said the Duchess; 'and most of 'em do.'

'I don't know of any that do,' Alice said very politely, feeling quite
pleased to have got into a conversation.

'You don't know much,' said the Duchess; 'and that's a fact.'

Alice did not at all like the tone of this remark, and thought it would
be as well to introduce some other subject of conversation. While she
was trying to fix on one, the cook took the cauldron of soup off the
fire, and at once set to work throwing everything within her reach at
the Duchess and the baby--the fire-irons came first; then followed a
shower of saucepans, plates, and dishes. The Duchess took no notice of
them even when they hit her; and the baby was howling so much already,
that it was quite impossible to say whether the blows hurt it or not.

'Oh, PLEASE mind what you're doing!' cried Alice, jumping up and down in
an agony of terror. 'Oh, there goes his PRECIOUS nose'; as an unusually
large saucepan flew close by it, and very nearly carried it off.

'If everybody minded their own business,' the Duchess said in a hoarse
growl, 'the world would go round a deal faster than it does.'

'Which would NOT be an advantage,' said Alice, who felt very glad to get
an opportunity of showing off a little of her knowledge. 'Just think of
what work it would make with the day and night! You see the earth takes
twenty-four hours to turn round on its axis--'

'Talking of axes,' said the Duchess, 'chop off her head!'

Alice glanced rather anxiously at the cook, to see if she meant to take
the hint; but the cook was busily stirring the soup, and seemed not to
be listening, so she went on again: 'Twenty-four hours, I THINK; or is
it twelve? I--'

'Oh, don't bother ME,' said the Duchess; 'I never could abide figures!'
And with that she began nursing her child again, singing a sort of
lullaby to it as she did so, and giving it a violent shake at the end of
every line:

   'Speak roughly to your little boy,
    And beat him when he sneezes:
   He only does it to annoy,
    Because he knows it teases.'

         CHORUS.

 (In which the cook and the baby joined):--

       'Wow! wow! wow!'

While the Duchess sang the second verse of the song, she kept tossing
the baby violently up and down, and the poor little thing howled so,
that Alice could hardly hear the words:--

   'I speak severely to my boy,
    I beat him when he sneezes;
   For he can thoroughly enjoy
    The pepper when he pleases!'

         CHORUS.

       'Wow! wow! wow!'

'Here! you may nurse it a bit, if you like!' the Duchess said to Alice,
flinging the baby at her as she spoke. 'I must go and get ready to play
croquet with the Queen,' and she hurried out of the room. The cook threw
a frying-pan after her as she went out, but it just missed her.

Alice caught the baby with some difficulty, as it was a queer-shaped
little creature, and held out its arms and legs in all directions, 'just
like a star-fish,' thought Alice. The poor little thing was snorting
like a steam-engine when she caught it, and kept doubling itself up and
straightening itself out again, so that altogether, for the first minute
or two, it was as much as she could do to hold it.

As soon as she had made out the proper way of nursing it, (which was to
twist it up into a sort of knot, and then keep tight hold of its right
ear and left foot, so as to prevent its undoing itself,) she carried
it out into the open air. 'IF I don't take this child away with me,'
thought Alice, 'they're sure to kill it in a day or two: wouldn't it be
murder to leave it behind?' She said the last words out loud, and the
little thing grunted in reply (it had left off sneezing by this time).
'Don't grunt,' said Alice; 'that's not at all a proper way of expressing
yourself.'

The baby grunted again, and Alice looked very anxiously into its face to
see what was the matter with it. There could be no doubt that it had
a VERY turn-up nose, much more like a snout than a real nose; also its
eyes were getting extremely small for a baby: altogether Alice did not
like the look of the thing at all. 'But perhaps it was only sobbing,'
she thought, and looked into its eyes again, to see if there were any
tears.

No, there were no tears. 'If you're going to turn into a pig, my dear,'
said Alice, seriously, 'I'll have nothing more to do with you. Mind
now!' The poor little thing sobbed again (or grunted, it was impossible
to say which), and they went on for some while in silence.

Alice was just beginning to think to herself, 'Now, what am I to do with
this creature when I get it home?' when it grunted again, so violently,
that she looked down into its face in some alarm. This time there could
be NO mistake about it: it was neither more nor less than a pig, and she
felt that it would be quite absurd for her to carry it further.

So she set the little creature down, and felt quite relieved to see
it trot away quietly into the wood. 'If it had grown up,' she said
to herself, 'it would have made a dreadfully ugly child: but it makes
rather a handsome pig, I think.' And she began thinking over other
children she knew, who might do very well as pigs, and was just saying
to herself, 'if one only knew the right way to change them--' when she
was a little startled by seeing the Cheshire Cat sitting on a bough of a
tree a few yards off.

The Cat only grinned when it saw Alice. It looked good-natured, she
thought: still it had VERY long claws and a great many teeth, so she
felt that it ought to be treated with respect.

'Cheshire Puss,' she began, rather timidly, as she did not at all know
whether it would like the name: however, it only grinned a little wider.
'Come, it's pleased so far,' thought Alice, and she went on. 'Would you
tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?'

'That depends a good deal on where you want to get to,' said the Cat.

'I don't much care where--' said Alice.

'Then it doesn't matter which way you go,' said the Cat.

'--so long as I get SOMEWHERE,' Alice added as an explanation.

'Oh, you're sure to do that,' said the Cat, 'if you only walk long
enough.'

Alice felt that this could not be denied, so she tried another question.
'What sort of people live about here?'

'In THAT direction,' the Cat said, waving its right paw round, 'lives
a Hatter: and in THAT direction,' waving the other paw, 'lives a March
Hare. Visit either you like: they're both mad.'

'But I don't want to go among mad people,' Alice remarked.

'Oh, you can't help that,' said the Cat: 'we're all mad here. I'm mad.
You're mad.'

'How do you know I'm mad?' said Alice.

'You must be,' said the Cat, 'or you wouldn't have come here.'

Alice didn't think that proved it at all; however, she went on 'And how
do you know that you're mad?'

'To begin with,' said the Cat, 'a dog's not mad. You grant that?'

'I suppose so,' said Alice.

'Well, then,' the Cat went on, 'you see, a dog growls when it's angry,
and wags its tail when it's pleased. Now I growl when I'm pleased, and
wag my tail when I'm angry. Therefore I'm mad.'

'I call it purring, not growling,' said Alice.

'Call it what you like,' said the Cat. 'Do you play croquet with the
Queen to-day?'

'I should like it very much,' said Alice, 'but I haven't been invited
yet.'

'You'll see me there,' said the Cat, and vanished.

Alice was not much surprised at this, she was getting so used to queer
things happening. While she was looking at the place where it had been,
it suddenly appeared again.

'By-the-bye, what became of the baby?' said the Cat. 'I'd nearly
forgotten to ask.'

'It turned into a pig,' Alice quietly said, just as if it had come back
in a natural way.

'I thought it would,' said the Cat, and vanished again.

Alice waited a little, half expecting to see it again, but it did not
appear, and after a minute or two she walked on in the direction in
which the March Hare was said to live. 'I've seen hatters before,' she
said to herself; 'the March Hare will be much the most interesting, and
perhaps as this is May it won't be raving mad--at least not so mad as
it was in March.' As she said this, she looked up, and there was the Cat
again, sitting on a branch of a tree.

'Did you say pig, or fig?' said the Cat.

'I said pig,' replied Alice; 'and I wish you wouldn't keep appearing and
vanishing so suddenly: you make one quite giddy.'

'All right,' said the Cat; and this time it vanished quite slowly,
beginning with the end of the tail, and ending with the grin, which
remained some time after the rest of it had gone.

'Well! I've often seen a cat without a grin,' thought Alice; 'but a grin
without a cat! It's the most curious thing I ever saw in my life!'

She had not gone much farther before she came in sight of the house
of the March Hare: she thought it must be the right house, because the
chimneys were shaped like ears and the roof was thatched with fur. It
was so large a house, that she did not like to go nearer till she had
nibbled some more of the lefthand bit of mushroom, and raised herself to
about two feet high: even then she walked up towards it rather timidly,
saying to herself 'Suppose it should be raving mad after all! I almost
wish I'd gone to see the Hatter instead!'




CHAPTER VII. A Mad Tea-Party

There was a table set out under a tree in front of the house, and the
March Hare and the Hatter were having tea at it: a Dormouse was sitting
between them, fast asleep, and the other two were using it as a
cushion, resting their elbows on it, and talking over its head. 'Very
uncomfortable for the Dormouse,' thought Alice; 'only, as it's asleep, I
suppose it doesn't mind.'

The table was a large one, but the three were all crowded together at
one corner of it: 'No room! No room!' they cried out when they saw Alice
coming. 'There's PLENTY of room!' said Alice indignantly, and she sat
down in a large arm-chair at one end of the table.

'Have some wine,' the March Hare said in an encouraging tone.

Alice looked all round the table, but there was nothing on it but tea.
'I don't see any wine,' she remarked.

'There isn't any,' said the March Hare.

'Then it wasn't very civil of you to offer it,' said Alice angrily.

'It wasn't very civil of you to sit down without being invited,' said
the March Hare.

'I didn't know it was YOUR table,' said Alice; 'it's laid for a great
many more than three.'

'Your hair wants cutting,' said the Hatter. He had been looking at Alice
for some time with great curiosity, and this was his first speech.

'You should learn not to make personal remarks,' Alice said with some
severity; 'it's very rude.'

The Hatter opened his eyes very wide on hearing this; but all he SAID
was, 'Why is a raven like a writing-desk?'

'Come, we shall have some fun now!' thought Alice. 'I'm glad they've
begun asking riddles.--I believe I can guess that,' she added aloud.

'Do you mean that you think you can find out the answer to it?' said the
March Hare.

'Exactly so,' said Alice.

'Then you should say what you mean,' the March Hare went on.

'I do,' Alice hastily replied; 'at least--at least I mean what I
say--that's the same thing, you know.'

'Not the same thing a bit!' said the Hatter. 'You might just as well say
that "I see what I eat" is the same thing as "I eat what I see"!'

'You might just as well say,' added the March Hare, 'that "I like what I
get" is the same thing as "I get what I like"!'

'You might just as well say,' added the Dormouse, who seemed to be
talking in his sleep, 'that "I breathe when I sleep" is the same thing
as "I sleep when I breathe"!'

'It IS the same thing with you,' said the Hatter, and here the
conversation dropped, and the party sat silent for a minute, while Alice
thought over all she could remember about ravens and writing-desks,
which wasn't much.

The Hatter was the first to break the silence. 'What day of the month
is it?' he said, turning to Alice: he had taken his watch out of his
pocket, and was looking at it uneasily, shaking it every now and then,
and holding it to his ear.

Alice considered a little, and then said 'The fourth.'

'Two days wrong!' sighed the Hatter. 'I told you butter wouldn't suit
the works!' he added looking angrily at the March Hare.

'It was the BEST butter,' the March Hare meekly replied.

'Yes, but some crumbs must have got in as well,' the Hatter grumbled:
'you shouldn't have put it in with the bread-knife.'

The March Hare took the watch and looked at it gloomily: then he dipped
it into his cup of tea, and looked at it again: but he could think of
nothing better to say than his first remark, 'It was the BEST butter,
you know.'

Alice had been looking over his shoulder with some curiosity. 'What a
funny watch!' she remarked. 'It tells the day of the month, and doesn't
tell what o'clock it is!'

'Why should it?' muttered the Hatter. 'Does YOUR watch tell you what
year it is?'

'Of course not,' Alice replied very readily: 'but that's because it
stays the same year for such a long time together.'

'Which is just the case with MINE,' said the Hatter.

Alice felt dreadfully puzzled. The Hatter's remark seemed to have no
sort of meaning in it, and yet it was certainly English. 'I don't quite
understand you,' she said, as politely as she could.

'The Dormouse is asleep again,' said the Hatter, and he poured a little
hot tea upon its nose.

The Dormouse shook its head impatiently, and said, without opening its
eyes, 'Of course, of course; just what I was going to remark myself.'

'Have you guessed the riddle yet?' the Hatter said, turning to Alice
again.

'No, I give it up,' Alice replied: 'what's the answer?'

'I haven't the slightest idea,' said the Hatter.

'Nor I,' said the March Hare.

Alice sighed wearily. 'I think you might do something better with the
time,' she said, 'than waste it in asking riddles that have no answers.'

'If you knew Time as well as I do,' said the Hatter, 'you wouldn't talk
about wasting IT. It's HIM.'

'I don't know what you mean,' said Alice.

'Of course you don't!' the Hatter said, tossing his head contemptuously.
'I dare say you never even spoke to Time!'

'Perhaps not,' Alice cautiously replied: 'but I know I have to beat time
when I learn music.'

'Ah! that accounts for it,' said the Hatter. 'He won't stand beating.
Now, if you only kept on good terms with him, he'd do almost anything
you liked with the clock. For instance, suppose it were nine o'clock in
the morning, just time to begin lessons: you'd only have to whisper a
hint to Time, and round goes the clock in a twinkling! Half-past one,
time for dinner!'

('I only wish it was,' the March Hare said to itself in a whisper.)

'That would be grand, certainly,' said Alice thoughtfully: 'but then--I
shouldn't be hungry for it, you know.'

'Not at first, perhaps,' said the Hatter: 'but you could keep it to
half-past one as long as you liked.'

'Is that the way YOU manage?' Alice asked.

The Hatter shook his head mournfully. 'Not I!' he replied. 'We
quarrelled last March--just before HE went mad, you know--' (pointing
with his tea spoon at the March Hare,) '--it was at the great concert
given by the Queen of Hearts, and I had to sing

     "Twinkle, twinkle, little bat!
     How I wonder what you're at!"

You know the song, perhaps?'

'I've heard something like it,' said Alice.

'It goes on, you know,' the Hatter continued, 'in this way:--

     "Up above the world you fly,
     Like a tea-tray in the sky.
         Twinkle, twinkle--"'

Here the Dormouse shook itself, and began singing in its sleep 'Twinkle,
twinkle, twinkle, twinkle--' and went on so long that they had to pinch
it to make it stop.

'Well, I'd hardly finished the first verse,' said the Hatter, 'when the
Queen jumped up and bawled out, "He's murdering the time! Off with his
head!"'

'How dreadfully savage!' exclaimed Alice.

'And ever since that,' the Hatter went on in a mournful tone, 'he won't
do a thing I ask! It's always six o'clock now.'

A bright idea came into Alice's head. 'Is that the reason so many
tea-things are put out here?' she asked.

'Yes, that's it,' said the Hatter with a sigh: 'it's always tea-time,
and we've no time to wash the things between whiles.'

'Then you keep moving round, I suppose?' said Alice.

'Exactly so,' said the Hatter: 'as the things get used up.'

'But what happens when you come to the beginning again?' Alice ventured
to ask.

'Suppose we change the subject,' the March Hare interrupted, yawning.
'I'm getting tired of this. I vote the young lady tells us a story.'

'I'm afraid I don't know one,' said Alice, rather alarmed at the
proposal.

'Then the Dormouse shall!' they both cried. 'Wake up, Dormouse!' And
they pinched it on both sides at once.

The Dormouse slowly opened his eyes. 'I wasn't asleep,' he said in a
hoarse, feeble voice: 'I heard every word you fellows were saying.'

'Tell us a story!' said the March Hare.

'Yes, please do!' pleaded Alice.

'And be quick about it,' added the Hatter, 'or you'll be asleep again
before it's done.'

'Once upon a time there were three little sisters,' the Dormouse began
in a great hurry; 'and their names were Elsie, Lacie, and Tillie; and
they lived at the bottom of a well--'

'What did they live on?' said Alice, who always took a great interest in
questions of eating and drinking.

'They lived on treacle,' said the Dormouse, after thinking a minute or
two.

'They couldn't have done that, you know,' Alice gently remarked; 'they'd
have been ill.'

'So they were,' said the Dormouse; 'VERY ill.'

Alice tried to fancy to herself what such an extraordinary ways of
living would be like, but it puzzled her too much, so she went on: 'But
why did they live at the bottom of a well?'

'Take some more tea,' the March Hare said to Alice, very earnestly.

'I've had nothing yet,' Alice replied in an offended tone, 'so I can't
take more.'

'You mean you can't take LESS,' said the Hatter: 'it's very easy to take
MORE than nothing.'

'Nobody asked YOUR opinion,' said Alice.

'Who's making personal remarks now?' the Hatter asked triumphantly.

Alice did not quite know what to say to this: so she helped herself
to some tea and bread-and-butter, and then turned to the Dormouse, and
repeated her question. 'Why did they live at the bottom of a well?'

The Dormouse again took a minute or two to think about it, and then
said, 'It was a treacle-well.'

'There's no such thing!' Alice was beginning very angrily, but the
Hatter and the March Hare went 'Sh! sh!' and the Dormouse sulkily
remarked, 'If you can't be civil, you'd better finish the story for
yourself.'

'No, please go on!' Alice said very humbly; 'I won't interrupt again. I
dare say there may be ONE.'

'One, indeed!' said the Dormouse indignantly. However, he consented to
go on. 'And so these three little sisters--they were learning to draw,
you know--'

'What did they draw?' said Alice, quite forgetting her promise.

'Treacle,' said the Dormouse, without considering at all this time.

'I want a clean cup,' interrupted the Hatter: 'let's all move one place
on.'

He moved on as he spoke, and the Dormouse followed him: the March Hare
moved into the Dormouse's place, and Alice rather unwillingly took
the place of the March Hare. The Hatter was the only one who got any
advantage from the change: and Alice was a good deal worse off than
before, as the March Hare had just upset the milk-jug into his plate.

Alice did not wish to offend the Dormouse again, so she began very
cautiously: 'But I don't understand. Where did they draw the treacle
from?'

'You can draw water out of a water-well,' said the Hatter; 'so I should
think you could draw treacle out of a treacle-well--eh, stupid?'

'But they were IN the well,' Alice said to the Dormouse, not choosing to
notice this last remark.

'Of course they were', said the Dormouse; '--well in.'

This answer so confused poor Alice, that she let the Dormouse go on for
some time without interrupting it.

'They were learning to draw,' the Dormouse went on, yawning and rubbing
its eyes, for it was getting very sleepy; 'and they drew all manner of
things--everything that begins with an M--'

'Why with an M?' said Alice.

'Why not?' said the March Hare.

Alice was silent.

The Dormouse had closed its eyes by this time, and was going off into
a doze; but, on being pinched by the Hatter, it woke up again with
a little shriek, and went on: '--that begins with an M, such as
mouse-traps, and the moon, and memory, and muchness--you know you say
things are "much of a muchness"--did you ever see such a thing as a
drawing of a muchness?'

'Really, now you ask me,' said Alice, very much confused, 'I don't
think--'

'Then you shouldn't talk,' said the Hatter.

This piece of rudeness was more than Alice could bear: she got up in
great disgust, and walked off; the Dormouse fell asleep instantly, and
neither of the others took the least notice of her going, though she
looked back once or twice, half hoping that they would call after her:
the last time she saw them, they were trying to put the Dormouse into
the teapot.

'At any rate I'll never go THERE again!' said Alice as she picked her
way through the wood. 'It's the stupidest tea-party I ever was at in all
my life!'

Just as she said this, she noticed that one of the trees had a door
leading right into it. 'That's very curious!' she thought. 'But
everything's curious today. I think I may as well go in at once.' And in
she went.

Once more she found herself in the long hall, and close to the little
glass table. 'Now, I'll manage better this time,' she said to herself,
and began by taking the little golden key, and unlocking the door that
led into the garden. Then she went to work nibbling at the mushroom (she
had kept a piece of it in her pocket) till she was about a foot high:
then she walked down the little passage: and THEN--she found herself at
last in the beautiful garden, among the bright flower-beds and the cool
fountains.




CHAPTER VIII. The Queen's Croquet-Ground

A large rose-tree stood near the entrance of the garden: the roses
growing on it were white, but there were three gardeners at it, busily
painting them red. Alice thought this a very curious thing, and she went
nearer to watch them, and just as she came up to them she heard one of
them say, 'Look out now, Five! Don't go splashing paint over me like
that!'

'I couldn't help it,' said Five, in a sulky tone; 'Seven jogged my
elbow.'

On which Seven looked up and said, 'That's right, Five! Always lay the
blame on others!'

'YOU'D better not talk!' said Five. 'I heard the Queen say only
yesterday you deserved to be beheaded!'

'What for?' said the one who had spoken first.

'That's none of YOUR business, Two!' said Seven.

'Yes, it IS his business!' said Five, 'and I'll tell him--it was for
bringing the cook tulip-roots instead of onions.'

Seven flung down his brush, and had just begun 'Well, of all the unjust
things--' when his eye chanced to fall upon Alice, as she stood watching
them, and he checked himself suddenly: the others looked round also, and
all of them bowed low.

'Would you tell me,' said Alice, a little timidly, 'why you are painting
those roses?'

Five and Seven said nothing, but looked at Two. Two began in a low
voice, 'Why the fact is, you see, Miss, this here ought to have been a
RED rose-tree, and we put a white one in by mistake; and if the Queen
was to find it out, we should all have our heads cut off, you know.
So you see, Miss, we're doing our best, afore she comes, to--' At this
moment Five, who had been anxiously looking across the garden, called
out 'The Queen! The Queen!' and the three gardeners instantly threw
themselves flat upon their faces. There was a sound of many footsteps,
and Alice looked round, eager to see the Queen.

First came ten soldiers carrying clubs; these were all shaped like
the three gardeners, oblong and flat, with their hands and feet at the
corners: next the ten courtiers; these were ornamented all over with
diamonds, and walked two and two, as the soldiers did. After these came
the royal children; there were ten of them, and the little dears came
jumping merrily along hand in hand, in couples: they were all ornamented
with hearts. Next came the guests, mostly Kings and Queens, and among
them Alice recognised the White Rabbit: it was talking in a hurried
nervous manner, smiling at everything that was said, and went by without
noticing her. Then followed the Knave of Hearts, carrying the King's
crown on a crimson velvet cushion; and, last of all this grand
procession, came THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS.

Alice was rather doubtful whether she ought not to lie down on her face
like the three gardeners, but she could not remember ever having heard
of such a rule at processions; 'and besides, what would be the use of
a procession,' thought she, 'if people had all to lie down upon their
faces, so that they couldn't see it?' So she stood still where she was,
and waited.

When the procession came opposite to Alice, they all stopped and looked
at her, and the Queen said severely 'Who is this?' She said it to the
Knave of Hearts, who only bowed and smiled in reply.

'Idiot!' said the Queen, tossing her head impatiently; and, turning to
Alice, she went on, 'What's your name, child?'

'My name is Alice, so please your Majesty,' said Alice very politely;
but she added, to herself, 'Why, they're only a pack of cards, after
all. I needn't be afraid of them!'

'And who are THESE?' said the Queen, pointing to the three gardeners who
were lying round the rosetree; for, you see, as they were lying on their
faces, and the pattern on their backs was the same as the rest of the
pack, she could not tell whether they were gardeners, or soldiers, or
courtiers, or three of her own children.

'How should I know?' said Alice, surprised at her own courage. 'It's no
business of MINE.'

The Queen turned crimson with fury, and, after glaring at her for a
moment like a wild beast, screamed 'Off with her head! Off--'

'Nonsense!' said Alice, very loudly and decidedly, and the Queen was
silent.

The King laid his hand upon her arm, and timidly said 'Consider, my
dear: she is only a child!'

The Queen turned angrily away from him, and said to the Knave 'Turn them
over!'

The Knave did so, very carefully, with one foot.

'Get up!' said the Queen, in a shrill, loud voice, and the three
gardeners instantly jumped up, and began bowing to the King, the Queen,
the royal children, and everybody else.

'Leave off that!' screamed the Queen. 'You make me giddy.' And then,
turning to the rose-tree, she went on, 'What HAVE you been doing here?'

'May it please your Majesty,' said Two, in a very humble tone, going
down on one knee as he spoke, 'we were trying--'

'I see!' said the Queen, who had meanwhile been examining the roses.
'Off with their heads!' and the procession moved on, three of the
soldiers remaining behind to execute the unfortunate gardeners, who ran
to Alice for protection.

'You shan't be beheaded!' said Alice, and she put them into a large
flower-pot that stood near. The three soldiers wandered about for a
minute or two, looking for them, and then quietly marched off after the
others.

'Are their heads off?' shouted the Queen.

'Their heads are gone, if it please your Majesty!' the soldiers shouted
in reply.

'That's right!' shouted the Queen. 'Can you play croquet?'

The soldiers were silent, and looked at Alice, as the question was
evidently meant for her.

'Yes!' shouted Alice.

'Come on, then!' roared the Queen, and Alice joined the procession,
wondering very much what would happen next.

'It's--it's a very fine day!' said a timid voice at her side. She was
walking by the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face.

'Very,' said Alice: '--where's the Duchess?'

'Hush! Hush!' said the Rabbit in a low, hurried tone. He looked
anxiously over his shoulder as he spoke, and then raised himself upon
tiptoe, put his mouth close to her ear, and whispered 'She's under
sentence of execution.'

'What for?' said Alice.

'Did you say "What a pity!"?' the Rabbit asked.

'No, I didn't,' said Alice: 'I don't think it's at all a pity. I said
"What for?"'

'She boxed the Queen's ears--' the Rabbit began. Alice gave a little
scream of laughter. 'Oh, hush!' the Rabbit whispered in a frightened
tone. 'The Queen will hear you! You see, she came rather late, and the
Queen said--'

'Get to your places!' shouted the Queen in a voice of thunder, and
people began running about in all directions, tumbling up against each
other; however, they got settled down in a minute or two, and the game
began. Alice thought she had never seen such a curious croquet-ground in
her life; it was all ridges and furrows; the balls were live hedgehogs,
the mallets live flamingoes, and the soldiers had to double themselves
up and to stand on their hands and feet, to make the arches.

The chief difficulty Alice found at first was in managing her flamingo:
she succeeded in getting its body tucked away, comfortably enough, under
her arm, with its legs hanging down, but generally, just as she had got
its neck nicely straightened out, and was going to give the hedgehog a
blow with its head, it WOULD twist itself round and look up in her face,
with such a puzzled expression that she could not help bursting out
laughing: and when she had got its head down, and was going to begin
again, it was very provoking to find that the hedgehog had unrolled
itself, and was in the act of crawling away: besides all this, there was
generally a ridge or furrow in the way wherever she wanted to send the
hedgehog to, and, as the doubled-up soldiers were always getting up
and walking off to other parts of the ground, Alice soon came to the
conclusion that it was a very difficult game indeed.

The players all played at once without waiting for turns, quarrelling
all the while, and fighting for the hedgehogs; and in a very short
time the Queen was in a furious passion, and went stamping about, and
shouting 'Off with his head!' or 'Off with her head!' about once in a
minute.

Alice began to feel very uneasy: to be sure, she had not as yet had any
dispute with the Queen, but she knew that it might happen any minute,
'and then,' thought she, 'what would become of me? They're dreadfully
fond of beheading people here; the great wonder is, that there's any one
left alive!'

She was looking about for some way of escape, and wondering whether she
could get away without being seen, when she noticed a curious appearance
in the air: it puzzled her very much at first, but, after watching it
a minute or two, she made it out to be a grin, and she said to herself
'It's the Cheshire Cat: now I shall have somebody to talk to.'

'How are you getting on?' said the Cat, as soon as there was mouth
enough for it to speak with.

Alice waited till the eyes appeared, and then nodded. 'It's no use
speaking to it,' she thought, 'till its ears have come, or at least one
of them.' In another minute the whole head appeared, and then Alice put
down her flamingo, and began an account of the game, feeling very glad
she had someone to listen to her. The Cat seemed to think that there was
enough of it now in sight, and no more of it appeared.

'I don't think they play at all fairly,' Alice began, in rather a
complaining tone, 'and they all quarrel so dreadfully one can't hear
oneself speak--and they don't seem to have any rules in particular;
at least, if there are, nobody attends to them--and you've no idea how
confusing it is all the things being alive; for instance, there's the
arch I've got to go through next walking about at the other end of the
ground--and I should have croqueted the Queen's hedgehog just now, only
it ran away when it saw mine coming!'

'How do you like the Queen?' said the Cat in a low voice.

'Not at all,' said Alice: 'she's so extremely--' Just then she noticed
that the Queen was close behind her, listening: so she went on,
'--likely to win, that it's hardly worth while finishing the game.'

The Queen smiled and passed on.

'Who ARE you talking to?' said the King, going up to Alice, and looking
at the Cat's head with great curiosity.

'It's a friend of mine--a Cheshire Cat,' said Alice: 'allow me to
introduce it.'

'I don't like the look of it at all,' said the King: 'however, it may
kiss my hand if it likes.'

'I'd rather not,' the Cat remarked.

'Don't be impertinent,' said the King, 'and don't look at me like that!'
He got behind Alice as he spoke.

'A cat may look at a king,' said Alice. 'I've read that in some book,
but I don't remember where.'

'Well, it must be removed,' said the King very decidedly, and he called
the Queen, who was passing at the moment, 'My dear! I wish you would
have this cat removed!'

The Queen had only one way of settling all difficulties, great or small.
'Off with his head!' she said, without even looking round.

'I'll fetch the executioner myself,' said the King eagerly, and he
hurried off.

Alice thought she might as well go back, and see how the game was going
on, as she heard the Queen's voice in the distance, screaming with
passion. She had already heard her sentence three of the players to be
executed for having missed their turns, and she did not like the look
of things at all, as the game was in such confusion that she never knew
whether it was her turn or not. So she went in search of her hedgehog.

The hedgehog was engaged in a fight with another hedgehog, which seemed
to Alice an excellent opportunity for croqueting one of them with the
other: the only difficulty was, that her flamingo was gone across to the
other side of the garden, where Alice could see it trying in a helpless
sort of way to fly up into a tree.

By the time she had caught the flamingo and brought it back, the fight
was over, and both the hedgehogs were out of sight: 'but it doesn't
matter much,' thought Alice, 'as all the arches are gone from this side
of the ground.' So she tucked it away under her arm, that it might not
escape again, and went back for a little more conversation with her
friend.

When she got back to the Cheshire Cat, she was surprised to find quite a
large crowd collected round it: there was a dispute going on between
the executioner, the King, and the Queen, who were all talking at once,
while all the rest were quite silent, and looked very uncomfortable.

The moment Alice appeared, she was appealed to by all three to settle
the question, and they repeated their arguments to her, though, as they
all spoke at once, she found it very hard indeed to make out exactly
what they said.

The executioner's argument was, that you couldn't cut off a head unless
there was a body to cut it off from: that he had never had to do such a
thing before, and he wasn't going to begin at HIS time of life.

The King's argument was, that anything that had a head could be
beheaded, and that you weren't to talk nonsense.

The Queen's argument was, that if something wasn't done about it in less
than no time she'd have everybody executed, all round. (It was this last
remark that had made the whole party look so grave and anxious.)

Alice could think of nothing else to say but 'It belongs to the Duchess:
you'd better ask HER about it.'

'She's in prison,' the Queen said to the executioner: 'fetch her here.'
And the executioner went off like an arrow.

 The Cat's head began fading away the moment he was gone, and,
by the time he had come back with the Duchess, it had entirely
disappeared; so the King and the executioner ran wildly up and down
looking for it, while the rest of the party went back to the game.




CHAPTER IX. The Mock Turtle's Story

'You can't think how glad I am to see you again, you dear old thing!'
said the Duchess, as she tucked her arm affectionately into Alice's, and
they walked off together.

Alice was very glad to find her in such a pleasant temper, and thought
to herself that perhaps it was only the pepper that had made her so
savage when they met in the kitchen.

'When I'M a Duchess,' she said to herself, (not in a very hopeful tone
though), 'I won't have any pepper in my kitchen AT ALL. Soup does very
well without--Maybe it's always pepper that makes people hot-tempered,'
she went on, very much pleased at having found out a new kind of
rule, 'and vinegar that makes them sour--and camomile that makes
them bitter--and--and barley-sugar and such things that make children
sweet-tempered. I only wish people knew that: then they wouldn't be so
stingy about it, you know--'

She had quite forgotten the Duchess by this time, and was a little
startled when she heard her voice close to her ear. 'You're thinking
about something, my dear, and that makes you forget to talk. I can't
tell you just now what the moral of that is, but I shall remember it in
a bit.'

'Perhaps it hasn't one,' Alice ventured to remark.

'Tut, tut, child!' said the Duchess. 'Everything's got a moral, if only
you can find it.' And she squeezed herself up closer to Alice's side as
she spoke.

Alice did not much like keeping so close to her: first, because the
Duchess was VERY ugly; and secondly, because she was exactly the
right height to rest her chin upon Alice's shoulder, and it was an
uncomfortably sharp chin. However, she did not like to be rude, so she
bore it as well as she could.

'The game's going on rather better now,' she said, by way of keeping up
the conversation a little.

''Tis so,' said the Duchess: 'and the moral of that is--"Oh, 'tis love,
'tis love, that makes the world go round!"'

'Somebody said,' Alice whispered, 'that it's done by everybody minding
their own business!'

'Ah, well! It means much the same thing,' said the Duchess, digging her
sharp little chin into Alice's shoulder as she added, 'and the moral
of THAT is--"Take care of the sense, and the sounds will take care of
themselves."'

'How fond she is of finding morals in things!' Alice thought to herself.

'I dare say you're wondering why I don't put my arm round your waist,'
the Duchess said after a pause: 'the reason is, that I'm doubtful about
the temper of your flamingo. Shall I try the experiment?'

'HE might bite,' Alice cautiously replied, not feeling at all anxious to
have the experiment tried.

'Very true,' said the Duchess: 'flamingoes and mustard both bite. And
the moral of that is--"Birds of a feather flock together."'

'Only mustard isn't a bird,' Alice remarked.

'Right, as usual,' said the Duchess: 'what a clear way you have of
putting things!'

'It's a mineral, I THINK,' said Alice.

'Of course it is,' said the Duchess, who seemed ready to agree to
everything that Alice said; 'there's a large mustard-mine near here. And
the moral of that is--"The more there is of mine, the less there is of
yours."'

'Oh, I know!' exclaimed Alice, who had not attended to this last remark,
'it's a vegetable. It doesn't look like one, but it is.'

'I quite agree with you,' said the Duchess; 'and the moral of that
is--"Be what you would seem to be"--or if you'd like it put more
simply--"Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might
appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise
than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise."'

'I think I should understand that better,' Alice said very politely, 'if
I had it written down: but I can't quite follow it as you say it.'

'That's nothing to what I could say if I chose,' the Duchess replied, in
a pleased tone.

'Pray don't trouble yourself to say it any longer than that,' said
Alice.

'Oh, don't talk about trouble!' said the Duchess. 'I make you a present
of everything I've said as yet.'

'A cheap sort of present!' thought Alice. 'I'm glad they don't give
birthday presents like that!' But she did not venture to say it out
loud.

'Thinking again?' the Duchess asked, with another dig of her sharp
little chin.

'I've a right to think,' said Alice sharply, for she was beginning to
feel a little worried.

'Just about as much right,' said the Duchess, 'as pigs have to fly; and
the m--'

But here, to Alice's great surprise, the Duchess's voice died away, even
in the middle of her favourite word 'moral,' and the arm that was linked
into hers began to tremble. Alice looked up, and there stood the Queen
in front of them, with her arms folded, frowning like a thunderstorm.

'A fine day, your Majesty!' the Duchess began in a low, weak voice.

'Now, I give you fair warning,' shouted the Queen, stamping on the
ground as she spoke; 'either you or your head must be off, and that in
about half no time! Take your choice!'

The Duchess took her choice, and was gone in a moment.

'Let's go on with the game,' the Queen said to Alice; and Alice was
too much frightened to say a word, but slowly followed her back to the
croquet-ground.

The other guests had taken advantage of the Queen's absence, and were
resting in the shade: however, the moment they saw her, they hurried
back to the game, the Queen merely remarking that a moment's delay would
cost them their lives.

All the time they were playing the Queen never left off quarrelling with
the other players, and shouting 'Off with his head!' or 'Off with her
head!' Those whom she sentenced were taken into custody by the soldiers,
who of course had to leave off being arches to do this, so that by
the end of half an hour or so there were no arches left, and all the
players, except the King, the Queen, and Alice, were in custody and
under sentence of execution.

Then the Queen left off, quite out of breath, and said to Alice, 'Have
you seen the Mock Turtle yet?'

'No,' said Alice. 'I don't even know what a Mock Turtle is.'

'It's the thing Mock Turtle Soup is made from,' said the Queen.

'I never saw one, or heard of one,' said Alice.

'Come on, then,' said the Queen, 'and he shall tell you his history,'

As they walked off together, Alice heard the King say in a low voice,
to the company generally, 'You are all pardoned.' 'Come, THAT'S a good
thing!' she said to herself, for she had felt quite unhappy at the
number of executions the Queen had ordered.

They very soon came upon a Gryphon, lying fast asleep in the sun.
(IF you don't know what a Gryphon is, look at the picture.) 'Up, lazy
thing!' said the Queen, 'and take this young lady to see the Mock
Turtle, and to hear his history. I must go back and see after some
executions I have ordered'; and she walked off, leaving Alice alone with
the Gryphon. Alice did not quite like the look of the creature, but on
the whole she thought it would be quite as safe to stay with it as to go
after that savage Queen: so she waited.

The Gryphon sat up and rubbed its eyes: then it watched the Queen till
she was out of sight: then it chuckled. 'What fun!' said the Gryphon,
half to itself, half to Alice.

'What IS the fun?' said Alice.

'Why, SHE,' said the Gryphon. 'It's all her fancy, that: they never
executes nobody, you know. Come on!'

'Everybody says "come on!" here,' thought Alice, as she went slowly
after it: 'I never was so ordered about in all my life, never!'

They had not gone far before they saw the Mock Turtle in the distance,
sitting sad and lonely on a little ledge of rock, and, as they came
nearer, Alice could hear him sighing as if his heart would break. She
pitied him deeply. 'What is his sorrow?' she asked the Gryphon, and the
Gryphon answered, very nearly in the same words as before, 'It's all his
fancy, that: he hasn't got no sorrow, you know. Come on!'

So they went up to the Mock Turtle, who looked at them with large eyes
full of tears, but said nothing.

'This here young lady,' said the Gryphon, 'she wants for to know your
history, she do.'

'I'll tell it her,' said the Mock Turtle in a deep, hollow tone: 'sit
down, both of you, and don't speak a word till I've finished.'

So they sat down, and nobody spoke for some minutes. Alice thought to
herself, 'I don't see how he can EVEN finish, if he doesn't begin.' But
she waited patiently.

'Once,' said the Mock Turtle at last, with a deep sigh, 'I was a real
Turtle.'

These words were followed by a very long silence, broken only by an
occasional exclamation of 'Hjckrrh!' from the Gryphon, and the constant
heavy sobbing of the Mock Turtle. Alice was very nearly getting up and
saying, 'Thank you, sir, for your interesting story,' but she could
not help thinking there MUST be more to come, so she sat still and said
nothing.

'When we were little,' the Mock Turtle went on at last, more calmly,
though still sobbing a little now and then, 'we went to school in the
sea. The master was an old Turtle--we used to call him Tortoise--'

'Why did you call him Tortoise, if he wasn't one?' Alice asked.

'We called him Tortoise because he taught us,' said the Mock Turtle
angrily: 'really you are very dull!'

'You ought to be ashamed of yourself for asking such a simple question,'
added the Gryphon; and then they both sat silent and looked at poor
Alice, who felt ready to sink into the earth. At last the Gryphon said
to the Mock Turtle, 'Drive on, old fellow! Don't be all day about it!'
and he went on in these words:

'Yes, we went to school in the sea, though you mayn't believe it--'

'I never said I didn't!' interrupted Alice.

'You did,' said the Mock Turtle.

'Hold your tongue!' added the Gryphon, before Alice could speak again.
The Mock Turtle went on.

'We had the best of educations--in fact, we went to school every day--'

'I'VE been to a day-school, too,' said Alice; 'you needn't be so proud
as all that.'

'With extras?' asked the Mock Turtle a little anxiously.

'Yes,' said Alice, 'we learned French and music.'

'And washing?' said the Mock Turtle.

'Certainly not!' said Alice indignantly.

'Ah! then yours wasn't a really good school,' said the Mock Turtle in
a tone of great relief. 'Now at OURS they had at the end of the bill,
"French, music, AND WASHING--extra."'

'You couldn't have wanted it much,' said Alice; 'living at the bottom of
the sea.'

'I couldn't afford to learn it.' said the Mock Turtle with a sigh. 'I
only took the regular course.'

'What was that?' inquired Alice.

'Reeling and Writhing, of course, to begin with,' the Mock Turtle
replied; 'and then the different branches of Arithmetic--Ambition,
Distraction, Uglification, and Derision.'

'I never heard of "Uglification,"' Alice ventured to say. 'What is it?'

The Gryphon lifted up both its paws in surprise. 'What! Never heard of
uglifying!' it exclaimed. 'You know what to beautify is, I suppose?'

'Yes,' said Alice doubtfully: 'it means--to--make--anything--prettier.'

'Well, then,' the Gryphon went on, 'if you don't know what to uglify is,
you ARE a simpleton.'

Alice did not feel encouraged to ask any more questions about it, so she
turned to the Mock Turtle, and said 'What else had you to learn?'

'Well, there was Mystery,' the Mock Turtle replied, counting off
the subjects on his flappers, '--Mystery, ancient and modern, with
Seaography: then Drawling--the Drawling-master was an old conger-eel,
that used to come once a week: HE taught us Drawling, Stretching, and
Fainting in Coils.'

'What was THAT like?' said Alice.

'Well, I can't show it you myself,' the Mock Turtle said: 'I'm too
stiff. And the Gryphon never learnt it.'

'Hadn't time,' said the Gryphon: 'I went to the Classics master, though.
He was an old crab, HE was.'

'I never went to him,' the Mock Turtle said with a sigh: 'he taught
Laughing and Grief, they used to say.'

'So he did, so he did,' said the Gryphon, sighing in his turn; and both
creatures hid their faces in their paws.

'And how many hours a day did you do lessons?' said Alice, in a hurry to
change the subject.

'Ten hours the first day,' said the Mock Turtle: 'nine the next, and so
on.'

'What a curious plan!' exclaimed Alice.

'That's the reason they're called lessons,' the Gryphon remarked:
'because they lessen from day to day.'

This was quite a new idea to Alice, and she thought it over a little
before she made her next remark. 'Then the eleventh day must have been a
holiday?'

'Of course it was,' said the Mock Turtle.

'And how did you manage on the twelfth?' Alice went on eagerly.

'That's enough about lessons,' the Gryphon interrupted in a very decided
tone: 'tell her something about the games now.'




CHAPTER X. The Lobster Quadrille

The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and drew the back of one flapper across
his eyes. He looked at Alice, and tried to speak, but for a minute or
two sobs choked his voice. 'Same as if he had a bone in his throat,'
said the Gryphon: and it set to work shaking him and punching him in
the back. At last the Mock Turtle recovered his voice, and, with tears
running down his cheeks, he went on again:--

'You may not have lived much under the sea--' ('I haven't,' said
Alice)--'and perhaps you were never even introduced to a lobster--'
(Alice began to say 'I once tasted--' but checked herself hastily, and
said 'No, never') '--so you can have no idea what a delightful thing a
Lobster Quadrille is!'

'No, indeed,' said Alice. 'What sort of a dance is it?'

'Why,' said the Gryphon, 'you first form into a line along the
sea-shore--'

'Two lines!' cried the Mock Turtle. 'Seals, turtles, salmon, and so on;
then, when you've cleared all the jelly-fish out of the way--'

'THAT generally takes some time,' interrupted the Gryphon.

'--you advance twice--'

'Each with a lobster as a partner!' cried the Gryphon.

'Of course,' the Mock Turtle said: 'advance twice, set to partners--'

'--change lobsters, and retire in same order,' continued the Gryphon.

'Then, you know,' the Mock Turtle went on, 'you throw the--'

'The lobsters!' shouted the Gryphon, with a bound into the air.

'--as far out to sea as you can--'

'Swim after them!' screamed the Gryphon.

'Turn a somersault in the sea!' cried the Mock Turtle, capering wildly
about.

'Change lobsters again!' yelled the Gryphon at the top of its voice.

'Back to land again, and that's all the first figure,' said the Mock
Turtle, suddenly dropping his voice; and the two creatures, who had been
jumping about like mad things all this time, sat down again very sadly
and quietly, and looked at Alice.

'It must be a very pretty dance,' said Alice timidly.

'Would you like to see a little of it?' said the Mock Turtle.

'Very much indeed,' said Alice.

'Come, let's try the first figure!' said the Mock Turtle to the Gryphon.
'We can do without lobsters, you know. Which shall sing?'

'Oh, YOU sing,' said the Gryphon. 'I've forgotten the words.'

So they began solemnly dancing round and round Alice, every now and
then treading on her toes when they passed too close, and waving their
forepaws to mark the time, while the Mock Turtle sang this, very slowly
and sadly:--

 '"Will you walk a little faster?" said a whiting to a snail.
 "There's a porpoise close behind us, and he's treading on my tail.

 See how eagerly the lobsters and the turtles all advance!
 They are waiting on the shingle--will you come and join the dance?

 Will you, won't you, will you, won't you, will you join the dance?
 Will you, won't you, will you, won't you, won't you join the dance?

 "You can really have no notion how delightful it will be
 When they take us up and throw us, with the lobsters, out to sea!"
 But the snail replied "Too far, too far!" and gave a look askance--
 Said he thanked the whiting kindly, but he would not join the dance.

 Would not, could not, would not, could not, would not join the dance.
 Would not, could not, would not, could not, could not join the dance.

 '"What matters it how far we go?" his scaly friend replied.
 "There is another shore, you know, upon the other side.
 The further off from England the nearer is to France--
 Then turn not pale, beloved snail, but come and join the dance.

 Will you, won't you, will you, won't you, will you join the dance?
 Will you, won't you, will you, won't you, won't you join the dance?"'

'Thank you, it's a very interesting dance to watch,' said Alice, feeling
very glad that it was over at last: 'and I do so like that curious song
about the whiting!'

'Oh, as to the whiting,' said the Mock Turtle, 'they--you've seen them,
of course?'

'Yes,' said Alice, 'I've often seen them at dinn--' she checked herself
hastily.

'I don't know where Dinn may be,' said the Mock Turtle, 'but if you've
seen them so often, of course you know what they're like.'

'I believe so,' Alice replied thoughtfully. 'They have their tails in
their mouths--and they're all over crumbs.'

'You're wrong about the crumbs,' said the Mock Turtle: 'crumbs would all
wash off in the sea. But they HAVE their tails in their mouths; and the
reason is--' here the Mock Turtle yawned and shut his eyes.--'Tell her
about the reason and all that,' he said to the Gryphon.

'The reason is,' said the Gryphon, 'that they WOULD go with the lobsters
to the dance. So they got thrown out to sea. So they had to fall a long
way. So they got their tails fast in their mouths. So they couldn't get
them out again. That's all.'

'Thank you,' said Alice, 'it's very interesting. I never knew so much
about a whiting before.'

'I can tell you more than that, if you like,' said the Gryphon. 'Do you
know why it's called a whiting?'

'I never thought about it,' said Alice. 'Why?'

'IT DOES THE BOOTS AND SHOES.' the Gryphon replied very solemnly.

Alice was thoroughly puzzled. 'Does the boots and shoes!' she repeated
in a wondering tone.

'Why, what are YOUR shoes done with?' said the Gryphon. 'I mean, what
makes them so shiny?'

Alice looked down at them, and considered a little before she gave her
answer. 'They're done with blacking, I believe.'

'Boots and shoes under the sea,' the Gryphon went on in a deep voice,
'are done with a whiting. Now you know.'

'And what are they made of?' Alice asked in a tone of great curiosity.

'Soles and eels, of course,' the Gryphon replied rather impatiently:
'any shrimp could have told you that.'

'If I'd been the whiting,' said Alice, whose thoughts were still running
on the song, 'I'd have said to the porpoise, "Keep back, please: we
don't want YOU with us!"'

'They were obliged to have him with them,' the Mock Turtle said: 'no
wise fish would go anywhere without a porpoise.'

'Wouldn't it really?' said Alice in a tone of great surprise.

'Of course not,' said the Mock Turtle: 'why, if a fish came to ME, and
told me he was going a journey, I should say "With what porpoise?"'

'Don't you mean "purpose"?' said Alice.

'I mean what I say,' the Mock Turtle replied in an offended tone. And
the Gryphon added 'Come, let's hear some of YOUR adventures.'

'I could tell you my adventures--beginning from this morning,' said
Alice a little timidly: 'but it's no use going back to yesterday,
because I was a different person then.'

'Explain all that,' said the Mock Turtle.

'No, no! The adventures first,' said the Gryphon in an impatient tone:
'explanations take such a dreadful time.'

So Alice began telling them her adventures from the time when she first
saw the White Rabbit. She was a little nervous about it just at first,
the two creatures got so close to her, one on each side, and opened
their eyes and mouths so VERY wide, but she gained courage as she went
on. Her listeners were perfectly quiet till she got to the part about
her repeating 'YOU ARE OLD, FATHER WILLIAM,' to the Caterpillar, and the
words all coming different, and then the Mock Turtle drew a long breath,
and said 'That's very curious.'

'It's all about as curious as it can be,' said the Gryphon.

'It all came different!' the Mock Turtle repeated thoughtfully. 'I
should like to hear her try and repeat something now. Tell her to
begin.' He looked at the Gryphon as if he thought it had some kind of
authority over Alice.

'Stand up and repeat "'TIS THE VOICE OF THE SLUGGARD,"' said the
Gryphon.

'How the creatures order one about, and make one repeat lessons!'
thought Alice; 'I might as well be at school at once.' However, she
got up, and began to repeat it, but her head was so full of the Lobster
Quadrille, that she hardly knew what she was saying, and the words came
very queer indeed:--

  ''Tis the voice of the Lobster; I heard him declare,
  "You have baked me too brown, I must sugar my hair."
  As a duck with its eyelids, so he with his nose
  Trims his belt and his buttons, and turns out his toes.'

       [later editions continued as follows
  When the sands are all dry, he is gay as a lark,
  And will talk in contemptuous tones of the Shark,
  But, when the tide rises and sharks are around,
  His voice has a timid and tremulous sound.]

'That's different from what I used to say when I was a child,' said the
Gryphon.

'Well, I never heard it before,' said the Mock Turtle; 'but it sounds
uncommon nonsense.'

Alice said nothing; she had sat down with her face in her hands,
wondering if anything would EVER happen in a natural way again.

'I should like to have it explained,' said the Mock Turtle.

'She can't explain it,' said the Gryphon hastily. 'Go on with the next
verse.'

'But about his toes?' the Mock Turtle persisted. 'How COULD he turn them
out with his nose, you know?'

'It's the first position in dancing.' Alice said; but was dreadfully
puzzled by the whole thing, and longed to change the subject.

'Go on with the next verse,' the Gryphon repeated impatiently: 'it
begins "I passed by his garden."'

Alice did not dare to disobey, though she felt sure it would all come
wrong, and she went on in a trembling voice:--

  'I passed by his garden, and marked, with one eye,
  How the Owl and the Panther were sharing a pie--'

    [later editions continued as follows
  The Panther took pie-crust, and gravy, and meat,
  While the Owl had the dish as its share of the treat.
  When the pie was all finished, the Owl, as a boon,
  Was kindly permitted to pocket the spoon:
  While the Panther received knife and fork with a growl,
  And concluded the banquet--]

'What IS the use of repeating all that stuff,' the Mock Turtle
interrupted, 'if you don't explain it as you go on? It's by far the most
confusing thing I ever heard!'

'Yes, I think you'd better leave off,' said the Gryphon: and Alice was
only too glad to do so.

'Shall we try another figure of the Lobster Quadrille?' the Gryphon went
on. 'Or would you like the Mock Turtle to sing you a song?'

'Oh, a song, please, if the Mock Turtle would be so kind,' Alice
replied, so eagerly that the Gryphon said, in a rather offended tone,
'Hm! No accounting for tastes! Sing her "Turtle Soup," will you, old
fellow?'

The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and began, in a voice sometimes choked
with sobs, to sing this:--

   'Beautiful Soup, so rich and green,
   Waiting in a hot tureen!
   Who for such dainties would not stoop?
   Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!
   Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!
     Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
     Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
   Soo--oop of the e--e--evening,
     Beautiful, beautiful Soup!

   'Beautiful Soup! Who cares for fish,
   Game, or any other dish?
   Who would not give all else for two
   Pennyworth only of beautiful Soup?
   Pennyworth only of beautiful Soup?
     Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
     Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
   Soo--oop of the e--e--evening,
     Beautiful, beauti--FUL SOUP!'

'Chorus again!' cried the Gryphon, and the Mock Turtle had just begun
to repeat it, when a cry of 'The trial's beginning!' was heard in the
distance.

'Come on!' cried the Gryphon, and, taking Alice by the hand, it hurried
off, without waiting for the end of the song.

'What trial is it?' Alice panted as she ran; but the Gryphon only
answered 'Come on!' and ran the faster, while more and more faintly
came, carried on the breeze that followed them, the melancholy words:--

   'Soo--oop of the e--e--evening,
     Beautiful, beautiful Soup!'




CHAPTER XI. Who Stole the Tarts?

The King and Queen of Hearts were seated on their throne when they
arrived, with a great crowd assembled about them--all sorts of little
birds and beasts, as well as the whole pack of cards: the Knave was
standing before them, in chains, with a soldier on each side to guard
him; and near the King was the White Rabbit, with a trumpet in one hand,
and a scroll of parchment in the other. In the very middle of the court
was a table, with a large dish of tarts upon it: they looked so good,
that it made Alice quite hungry to look at them--'I wish they'd get the
trial done,' she thought, 'and hand round the refreshments!' But there
seemed to be no chance of this, so she began looking at everything about
her, to pass away the time.

Alice had never been in a court of justice before, but she had read
about them in books, and she was quite pleased to find that she knew
the name of nearly everything there. 'That's the judge,' she said to
herself, 'because of his great wig.'

The judge, by the way, was the King; and as he wore his crown over the
wig, (look at the frontispiece if you want to see how he did it,) he did
not look at all comfortable, and it was certainly not becoming.

'And that's the jury-box,' thought Alice, 'and those twelve creatures,'
(she was obliged to say 'creatures,' you see, because some of them were
animals, and some were birds,) 'I suppose they are the jurors.' She said
this last word two or three times over to herself, being rather proud of
it: for she thought, and rightly too, that very few little girls of her
age knew the meaning of it at all. However, 'jury-men' would have done
just as well.

The twelve jurors were all writing very busily on slates. 'What are they
doing?' Alice whispered to the Gryphon. 'They can't have anything to put
down yet, before the trial's begun.'

'They're putting down their names,' the Gryphon whispered in reply, 'for
fear they should forget them before the end of the trial.'

'Stupid things!' Alice began in a loud, indignant voice, but she stopped
hastily, for the White Rabbit cried out, 'Silence in the court!' and the
King put on his spectacles and looked anxiously round, to make out who
was talking.

Alice could see, as well as if she were looking over their shoulders,
that all the jurors were writing down 'stupid things!' on their slates,
and she could even make out that one of them didn't know how to spell
'stupid,' and that he had to ask his neighbour to tell him. 'A nice
muddle their slates'll be in before the trial's over!' thought Alice.

One of the jurors had a pencil that squeaked. This of course, Alice
could not stand, and she went round the court and got behind him, and
very soon found an opportunity of taking it away. She did it so quickly
that the poor little juror (it was Bill, the Lizard) could not make out
at all what had become of it; so, after hunting all about for it, he was
obliged to write with one finger for the rest of the day; and this was
of very little use, as it left no mark on the slate.

'Herald, read the accusation!' said the King.

On this the White Rabbit blew three blasts on the trumpet, and then
unrolled the parchment scroll, and read as follows:--

   'The Queen of Hearts, she made some tarts,
      All on a summer day:
    The Knave of Hearts, he stole those tarts,
      And took them quite away!'

'Consider your verdict,' the King said to the jury.

'Not yet, not yet!' the Rabbit hastily interrupted. 'There's a great
deal to come before that!'

'Call the first witness,' said the King; and the White Rabbit blew three
blasts on the trumpet, and called out, 'First witness!'

The first witness was the Hatter. He came in with a teacup in one
hand and a piece of bread-and-butter in the other. 'I beg pardon, your
Majesty,' he began, 'for bringing these in: but I hadn't quite finished
my tea when I was sent for.'

'You ought to have finished,' said the King. 'When did you begin?'

The Hatter looked at the March Hare, who had followed him into the
court, arm-in-arm with the Dormouse. 'Fourteenth of March, I think it
was,' he said.

'Fifteenth,' said the March Hare.

'Sixteenth,' added the Dormouse.

'Write that down,' the King said to the jury, and the jury eagerly
wrote down all three dates on their slates, and then added them up, and
reduced the answer to shillings and pence.

'Take off your hat,' the King said to the Hatter.

'It isn't mine,' said the Hatter.

'Stolen!' the King exclaimed, turning to the jury, who instantly made a
memorandum of the fact.

'I keep them to sell,' the Hatter added as an explanation; 'I've none of
my own. I'm a hatter.'

Here the Queen put on her spectacles, and began staring at the Hatter,
who turned pale and fidgeted.

'Give your evidence,' said the King; 'and don't be nervous, or I'll have
you executed on the spot.'

This did not seem to encourage the witness at all: he kept shifting
from one foot to the other, looking uneasily at the Queen, and in
his confusion he bit a large piece out of his teacup instead of the
bread-and-butter.

Just at this moment Alice felt a very curious sensation, which puzzled
her a good deal until she made out what it was: she was beginning to
grow larger again, and she thought at first she would get up and leave
the court; but on second thoughts she decided to remain where she was as
long as there was room for her.

'I wish you wouldn't squeeze so.' said the Dormouse, who was sitting
next to her. 'I can hardly breathe.'

'I can't help it,' said Alice very meekly: 'I'm growing.'

'You've no right to grow here,' said the Dormouse.

'Don't talk nonsense,' said Alice more boldly: 'you know you're growing
too.'

'Yes, but I grow at a reasonable pace,' said the Dormouse: 'not in that
ridiculous fashion.' And he got up very sulkily and crossed over to the
other side of the court.

All this time the Queen had never left off staring at the Hatter, and,
just as the Dormouse crossed the court, she said to one of the officers
of the court, 'Bring me the list of the singers in the last concert!' on
which the wretched Hatter trembled so, that he shook both his shoes off.

'Give your evidence,' the King repeated angrily, 'or I'll have you
executed, whether you're nervous or not.'

'I'm a poor man, your Majesty,' the Hatter began, in a trembling voice,
'--and I hadn't begun my tea--not above a week or so--and what with the
bread-and-butter getting so thin--and the twinkling of the tea--'

'The twinkling of the what?' said the King.

'It began with the tea,' the Hatter replied.

'Of course twinkling begins with a T!' said the King sharply. 'Do you
take me for a dunce? Go on!'

'I'm a poor man,' the Hatter went on, 'and most things twinkled after
that--only the March Hare said--'

'I didn't!' the March Hare interrupted in a great hurry.

'You did!' said the Hatter.

'I deny it!' said the March Hare.

'He denies it,' said the King: 'leave out that part.'

'Well, at any rate, the Dormouse said--' the Hatter went on, looking
anxiously round to see if he would deny it too: but the Dormouse denied
nothing, being fast asleep.

'After that,' continued the Hatter, 'I cut some more bread-and-butter--'

'But what did the Dormouse say?' one of the jury asked.

'That I can't remember,' said the Hatter.

'You MUST remember,' remarked the King, 'or I'll have you executed.'

The miserable Hatter dropped his teacup and bread-and-butter, and went
down on one knee. 'I'm a poor man, your Majesty,' he began.

'You're a very poor speaker,' said the King.

Here one of the guinea-pigs cheered, and was immediately suppressed by
the officers of the court. (As that is rather a hard word, I will just
explain to you how it was done. They had a large canvas bag, which tied
up at the mouth with strings: into this they slipped the guinea-pig,
head first, and then sat upon it.)

'I'm glad I've seen that done,' thought Alice. 'I've so often read
in the newspapers, at the end of trials, "There was some attempts
at applause, which was immediately suppressed by the officers of the
court," and I never understood what it meant till now.'

'If that's all you know about it, you may stand down,' continued the
King.

'I can't go no lower,' said the Hatter: 'I'm on the floor, as it is.'

'Then you may SIT down,' the King replied.

Here the other guinea-pig cheered, and was suppressed.

'Come, that finished the guinea-pigs!' thought Alice. 'Now we shall get
on better.'

'I'd rather finish my tea,' said the Hatter, with an anxious look at the
Queen, who was reading the list of singers.

'You may go,' said the King, and the Hatter hurriedly left the court,
without even waiting to put his shoes on.

'--and just take his head off outside,' the Queen added to one of the
officers: but the Hatter was out of sight before the officer could get
to the door.

'Call the next witness!' said the King.

The next witness was the Duchess's cook. She carried the pepper-box in
her hand, and Alice guessed who it was, even before she got into the
court, by the way the people near the door began sneezing all at once.

'Give your evidence,' said the King.

'Shan't,' said the cook.

The King looked anxiously at the White Rabbit, who said in a low voice,
'Your Majesty must cross-examine THIS witness.'

'Well, if I must, I must,' the King said, with a melancholy air, and,
after folding his arms and frowning at the cook till his eyes were
nearly out of sight, he said in a deep voice, 'What are tarts made of?'

'Pepper, mostly,' said the cook.

'Treacle,' said a sleepy voice behind her.

'Collar that Dormouse,' the Queen shrieked out. 'Behead that Dormouse!
Turn that Dormouse out of court! Suppress him! Pinch him! Off with his
whiskers!'

For some minutes the whole court was in confusion, getting the Dormouse
turned out, and, by the time they had settled down again, the cook had
disappeared.

'Never mind!' said the King, with an air of great relief. 'Call the next
witness.' And he added in an undertone to the Queen, 'Really, my dear,
YOU must cross-examine the next witness. It quite makes my forehead
ache!'

Alice watched the White Rabbit as he fumbled over the list, feeling very
curious to see what the next witness would be like, '--for they haven't
got much evidence YET,' she said to herself. Imagine her surprise, when
the White Rabbit read out, at the top of his shrill little voice, the
name 'Alice!'




CHAPTER XII. Alice's Evidence


'Here!' cried Alice, quite forgetting in the flurry of the moment how
large she had grown in the last few minutes, and she jumped up in such
a hurry that she tipped over the jury-box with the edge of her skirt,
upsetting all the jurymen on to the heads of the crowd below, and there
they lay sprawling about, reminding her very much of a globe of goldfish
she had accidentally upset the week before.

'Oh, I BEG your pardon!' she exclaimed in a tone of great dismay, and
began picking them up again as quickly as she could, for the accident of
the goldfish kept running in her head, and she had a vague sort of idea
that they must be collected at once and put back into the jury-box, or
they would die.

'The trial cannot proceed,' said the King in a very grave voice, 'until
all the jurymen are back in their proper places--ALL,' he repeated with
great emphasis, looking hard at Alice as he said do.

Alice looked at the jury-box, and saw that, in her haste, she had put
the Lizard in head downwards, and the poor little thing was waving its
tail about in a melancholy way, being quite unable to move. She soon got
it out again, and put it right; 'not that it signifies much,' she said
to herself; 'I should think it would be QUITE as much use in the trial
one way up as the other.'

As soon as the jury had a little recovered from the shock of being
upset, and their slates and pencils had been found and handed back to
them, they set to work very diligently to write out a history of the
accident, all except the Lizard, who seemed too much overcome to do
anything but sit with its mouth open, gazing up into the roof of the
court.

'What do you know about this business?' the King said to Alice.

'Nothing,' said Alice.

'Nothing WHATEVER?' persisted the King.

'Nothing whatever,' said Alice.

'That's very important,' the King said, turning to the jury. They were
just beginning to write this down on their slates, when the White Rabbit
interrupted: 'UNimportant, your Majesty means, of course,' he said in a
very respectful tone, but frowning and making faces at him as he spoke.

'UNimportant, of course, I meant,' the King hastily said, and went on
to himself in an undertone,

'important--unimportant--unimportant--important--' as if he were trying
which word sounded best.

Some of the jury wrote it down 'important,' and some 'unimportant.'
Alice could see this, as she was near enough to look over their slates;
'but it doesn't matter a bit,' she thought to herself.

At this moment the King, who had been for some time busily writing in
his note-book, cackled out 'Silence!' and read out from his book, 'Rule
Forty-two. ALL PERSONS MORE THAN A MILE HIGH TO LEAVE THE COURT.'

Everybody looked at Alice.

'I'M not a mile high,' said Alice.

'You are,' said the King.

'Nearly two miles high,' added the Queen.

'Well, I shan't go, at any rate,' said Alice: 'besides, that's not a
regular rule: you invented it just now.'

'It's the oldest rule in the book,' said the King.

'Then it ought to be Number One,' said Alice.

The King turned pale, and shut his note-book hastily. 'Consider your
verdict,' he said to the jury, in a low, trembling voice.

'There's more evidence to come yet, please your Majesty,' said the White
Rabbit, jumping up in a great hurry; 'this paper has just been picked
up.'

'What's in it?' said the Queen.

'I haven't opened it yet,' said the White Rabbit, 'but it seems to be a
letter, written by the prisoner to--to somebody.'

'It must have been that,' said the King, 'unless it was written to
nobody, which isn't usual, you know.'

'Who is it directed to?' said one of the jurymen.

'It isn't directed at all,' said the White Rabbit; 'in fact, there's
nothing written on the OUTSIDE.' He unfolded the paper as he spoke, and
added 'It isn't a letter, after all: it's a set of verses.'

'Are they in the prisoner's handwriting?' asked another of the jurymen.

'No, they're not,' said the White Rabbit, 'and that's the queerest thing
about it.' (The jury all looked puzzled.)

'He must have imitated somebody else's hand,' said the King. (The jury
all brightened up again.)

'Please your Majesty,' said the Knave, 'I didn't write it, and they
can't prove I did: there's no name signed at the end.'

'If you didn't sign it,' said the King, 'that only makes the matter
worse. You MUST have meant some mischief, or else you'd have signed your
name like an honest man.'

There was a general clapping of hands at this: it was the first really
clever thing the King had said that day.

'That PROVES his guilt,' said the Queen.

'It proves nothing of the sort!' said Alice. 'Why, you don't even know
what they're about!'

'Read them,' said the King.

The White Rabbit put on his spectacles. 'Where shall I begin, please
your Majesty?' he asked.

'Begin at the beginning,' the King said gravely, 'and go on till you
come to the end: then stop.'

These were the verses the White Rabbit read:--

   'They told me you had been to her,
    And mentioned me to him:
   She gave me a good character,
    But said I could not swim.

   He sent them word I had not gone
    (We know it to be true):
   If she should push the matter on,
    What would become of you?

   I gave her one, they gave him two,
    You gave us three or more;
   They all returned from him to you,
    Though they were mine before.

   If I or she should chance to be
    Involved in this affair,
   He trusts to you to set them free,
    Exactly as we were.

   My notion was that you had been
    (Before she had this fit)
   An obstacle that came between
    Him, and ourselves, and it.

   Don't let him know she liked them best,
    For this must ever be
   A secret, kept from all the rest,
    Between yourself and me.'

'That's the most important piece of evidence we've heard yet,' said the
King, rubbing his hands; 'so now let the jury--'

'If any one of them can explain it,' said Alice, (she had grown so large
in the last few minutes that she wasn't a bit afraid of interrupting
him,) 'I'll give him sixpence. _I_ don't believe there's an atom of
meaning in it.'

The jury all wrote down on their slates, 'SHE doesn't believe there's an
atom of meaning in it,' but none of them attempted to explain the paper.

'If there's no meaning in it,' said the King, 'that saves a world of
trouble, you know, as we needn't try to find any. And yet I don't know,'
he went on, spreading out the verses on his knee, and looking at them
with one eye; 'I seem to see some meaning in them, after all. "--SAID
I COULD NOT SWIM--" you can't swim, can you?' he added, turning to the
Knave.

The Knave shook his head sadly. 'Do I look like it?' he said. (Which he
certainly did NOT, being made entirely of cardboard.)

'All right, so far,' said the King, and he went on muttering over
the verses to himself: '"WE KNOW IT TO BE TRUE--" that's the jury, of
course--"I GAVE HER ONE, THEY GAVE HIM TWO--" why, that must be what he
did with the tarts, you know--'

'But, it goes on "THEY ALL RETURNED FROM HIM TO YOU,"' said Alice.

'Why, there they are!' said the King triumphantly, pointing to the tarts
on the table. 'Nothing can be clearer than THAT. Then again--"BEFORE SHE
HAD THIS FIT--" you never had fits, my dear, I think?' he said to the
Queen.

'Never!' said the Queen furiously, throwing an inkstand at the Lizard
as she spoke. (The unfortunate little Bill had left off writing on his
slate with one finger, as he found it made no mark; but he now hastily
began again, using the ink, that was trickling down his face, as long as
it lasted.)

'Then the words don't FIT you,' said the King, looking round the court
with a smile. There was a dead silence.

'It's a pun!' the King added in an offended tone, and everybody laughed,
'Let the jury consider their verdict,' the King said, for about the
twentieth time that day.

'No, no!' said the Queen. 'Sentence first--verdict afterwards.'

'Stuff and nonsense!' said Alice loudly. 'The idea of having the
sentence first!'

'Hold your tongue!' said the Queen, turning purple.

'I won't!' said Alice.

'Off with her head!' the Queen shouted at the top of her voice. Nobody
moved.

'Who cares for you?' said Alice, (she had grown to her full size by this
time.) 'You're nothing but a pack of cards!'

At this the whole pack rose up into the air, and came flying down upon
her: she gave a little scream, half of fright and half of anger, and
tried to beat them off, and found herself lying on the bank, with her
head in the lap of her sister, who was gently brushing away some dead
leaves that had fluttered down from the trees upon her face.

'Wake up, Alice dear!' said her sister; 'Why, what a long sleep you've
had!'

'Oh, I've had such a curious dream!' said Alice, and she told her
sister, as well as she could remember them, all these strange Adventures
of hers that you have just been reading about; and when she had
finished, her sister kissed her, and said, 'It WAS a curious dream,
dear, certainly: but now run in to your tea; it's getting late.' So
Alice got up and ran off, thinking while she ran, as well she might,
what a wonderful dream it had been.

But her sister sat still just as she left her, leaning her head on her
hand, watching the setting sun, and thinking of little Alice and all her
wonderful Adventures, till she too began dreaming after a fashion, and
this was her dream:--

First, she dreamed of little Alice herself, and once again the tiny
hands were clasped upon her knee, and the bright eager eyes were looking
up into hers--she could hear the very tones of her voice, and see that
queer little toss of her head to keep back the wandering hair that
WOULD always get into her eyes--and still as she listened, or seemed to
listen, the whole place around her became alive with the strange creatures
of her little sister's dream.

The long grass rustled at her feet as the White Rabbit hurried by--the
frightened Mouse splashed his way through the neighbouring pool--she
could hear the rattle of the teacups as the March Hare and his friends
shared their never-ending meal, and the shrill voice of the Queen
ordering off her unfortunate guests to execution--once more the pig-baby
was sneezing on the Duchess's knee, while plates and dishes crashed
around it--once more the shriek of the Gryphon, the squeaking of the
Lizard's slate-pencil, and the choking of the suppressed guinea-pigs,
filled the air, mixed up with the distant sobs of the miserable Mock
Turtle.

So she sat on, with closed eyes, and half believed herself in
Wonderland, though she knew she had but to open them again, and all
would change to dull reality--the grass would be only rustling in the
wind, and the pool rippling to the waving of the reeds--the rattling
teacups would change to tinkling sheep-bells, and the Queen's shrill
cries to the voice of the shepherd boy--and the sneeze of the baby, the
shriek of the Gryphon, and all the other queer noises, would change (she
knew) to the confused clamour of the busy farm-yard--while the lowing
of the cattle in the distance would take the place of the Mock Turtle's
heavy sobs.

Lastly, she pictured to herself how this same little sister of hers
would, in the after-time, be herself a grown woman; and how she would
keep, through all her riper years, the simple and loving heart of her
childhood: and how she would gather about her other little children, and
make THEIR eyes bright and eager with many a strange tale, perhaps even
with the dream of Wonderland of long ago: and how she would feel with
all their simple sorrows, and find a pleasure in all their simple joys,
remembering her own child-life, and the happy summer days.

              THE END





End of Project Gutenberg's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, by Lewis Carroll

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK ALICE'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND ***

***** This file should be named 11.txt or 11.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/1/11/



Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
will be renamed.

Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the
rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
redistribution.



*** START: FULL LICENSE ***

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at
http://gutenberg.org/license).


Section 1.  General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works

1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"
or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.

1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
States.

1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
copied or distributed:

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org

1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
1.E.9.

1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.

1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.org),
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
that

- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
     the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments
     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
     prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the
     address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
     the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."

- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     License.  You must require such a user to return or
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.

- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
     money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     of receipt of the work.

- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
"Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual
property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
your equipment.

1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS' WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.

1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.


Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.


Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at
809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
page at http://pglaf.org

For additional contact information:
     Dr. Gregory B. Newby
     Chief Executive and Director
     gbnewby@pglaf.org


Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
particular state visit http://pglaf.org

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate


Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.

Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.


Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.


Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:

     http://www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
$10-worth New Year Gift for You
Make your 2022 productive
with LINER Premium
